中国电气装备
许继集团有限公司
XJ GROUPCORPORATION
天宇电气
TIANYU ELECTRIC
电力一次设备的专业制造商 Professional powerprimaryequipment manufacturer
ELECTRIC
天宇电气
TIANYU ELECTRIC
FUZHOU TIANYU ELECTRIC
福州天宇电气股份有限公司
——电力一次设备的专业制造商
Fuzhou Tianyu Electric Co.,Ltd.
Professional power primary equipment manufacturer
福州天宇电气股份有限公司(简称天宇电气)成立于1996年，由原福州第一开关厂、福州第二开关厂、福州 变压器厂联合组建而成，注册资金32790.72万元。天宇电气是中国电气装备集团旗下许继集团有限公司的全资 子公司，是中国电气装备集团电气一次装备南方制造基地之一。
天宇电气是国家高新技术企业，也是福建省电气机械设备制造行业的龙头企业。1994年获得开关行业第一家国 家级企业技术中心认定，荣获全国同行业加工工艺先进企业称号。公司建立质量、环境、职业健康安全管理体 系，是福建省工业企业的百家重点纳税大户。
公司享有自营进出口权，主要经营高、低压开关柜及元器件，箱式变电站，电力、配电变压器三大类，共计 30多个系列产品。其中，开关类产品有9项达到国际先进水平，7项达到国内先进水平；变压器类产品有4项达 到国际先进水平，1项达到国内先进水平；两类产品获2项国优、5项部优称号。
“福开”牌开关成套设备和“榕牌”变压器是国内外知名品牌。产品广泛应用于国内电力系统、工业企业、轨 道交通、冶金、石化、城市地铁等市场领域，远销东南亚、非洲、欧洲等国家。
Fuzhou Tianyu Electric Co.,Ltd.(hereinafter referred to as "Tianyu Electric")was established jointly in 1996 by the former Fuzhou No.1 Switch Factory,Fuzhou No.2 Switch Factory and Fuzhou Electronic Transformer Factory with a registered capital of RMB 327,907,200.Tianyu Electric is a wholly-owned subsidiary of XJ Group Corporation under China Electrical Equipment Group Co.,Ltd.and one of the southerm manufacturing bases for primary electrical equipment of China Electrical Equipment Group Co.,Ltd.
Tianyu Electric is a national high-tech enterprise and also a leading enterprise in the electrical machinery equipment manufacturing industry in Fujian Province.In 1994,it was recognized as the National Enterprise Technology Center,the first in the switch industry,and awarded the title of Advanced Processing Technology Enterprise in the same industry in China.The company has established a quality,environment and occupational health and safety management system.It is one of the top 100 major taxpayers among industrial enterprises in Fujian Province.
The company enjoys self-managed import and export rights,mainly engaged in high and low voltage switchgear and components,prefabricated substations,power and distribution transformers,totaling more than 30 series of products.Among these,9 switch products have achieved the international advanced level and 7 have achieved the domestic advanced level;4 transformer products have achieved the international advanced level and 1 has achieved the domestic advanced level.These two categories of products have been awarded 2 National Quality Titles and 5 Ministry-level Quality Titles.
The "Fukai"complete switchgear and the "Rongpai"transformer are well-known at home and abroad.The products are widely used in domestic power systems,industrial enterprises,rail transit,metallurgy,petrochemicals,urban subways and other market fields,and are exported to countries in Southeast Asia,Africa,Europe,and beyond.
天宇电气
TIANYU ELECTRIC
历史沿革
Historical evolution
2021
许继集团并入中国 电气装备集团
XJ Group Corporation was
merged into China Electrical Equipment Group Co.,Ltd.
2016
天宇电气新厂区 建成投产
Tianyu Electric's new    factory was completed and put into operation
许继集团加入国家电网
FUZHOU TIANYU ELECTRIC
未来可期
A  promisingfuture
亮点工程应用
Highlight engineering applications
三峡集团-福建漳浦六鳌40万千瓦海上风电场
闽南地区首个海上风电项目，标志着全球超大单机容量海上风电 机组将批量应用，对保持福建海上风电产业继续实现领跑全国乃 至全球具有重要意义。
China Three Gorges Corporation-Fujian Zhangpu Liu'ao 400,000 kW
Offshore Wind Farm
It is the first offshore wind power project in southern Fujian,marking the large-scale application of globally leading large-capacity offshore wind turbines,which is of great significance for maintaining Fujian's offshore wind power industry at the forefront,both nationally and globally.
金风科技-GWH252-16MW 海上风电机组
入选“2022年度央企十大国之重器”,位于福建平潭三峡海上风 电场，刷新已吊装机组的最大单机容量、最大叶轮直径、最轻单 位兆瓦重量三项全球纪录，为全球海上风电发展树立全新标杆。
Goldwind-GWH252-16MW Offshore Wind Turbine
Located in the Three Gorges Offshore Wind Farm in Pingtan,Fujian Province, it was selected as one of the "Top Ten Crucial Equipment of China's Central Enterprises in 2022".It has set three new global records:the largest single- unit capacity,the largest impeller diameter,and the lightest unit weight per megawatt  among  hoisted  turbines,setting  a  new  benchmark  for  the development   of   global    offshore   wind   power.
三峡蒙能内蒙古库布齐沙漠鄂尔多斯中北部新能源基地项目
国家“沙戈荒”基地首批、首个项目，是在沙漠、戈壁、荒漠地 区开发建设的全球最大规模风电光伏基地项目，也是我国首个开 工建设的千万千瓦级新能源大基地项目。
Three Gorges Mengneng-New Energy Base Project in Central and Northern Ordos, Kubuqi Desert,Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region
It is the first and foremost project of the national "Desert,Gobi,Wasteland" base and the world's largest wind power and PV base project developed and constructed in the desert,gobi and wasteland.It is also China's first 10 GW- level  new  energy  mega-base  project  under  construction.
中储国能-山东肥城300MW先进压缩空气储能示范电站
全球最大规模新型压缩空气储能电站，入选“山东省2023年度 十大引领性工程”,是目前全国总装机容量最大的压缩空气储能 项目。
Zhong-Chu-Guo-Neng-300 MW Advanced Compressed Air Energy Storage Demonstration Power Station in Shandong Feicheng
It is the world's largest new compressed air energy storage power station, selected as "Top Ten  Leading  Projects  in  Shandong  Province  in  2023". Currently,it is the compressed air energy storage project with the largest total    installed    capacity    in    China.
大唐浙江象山长大涂300MW滩涂光伏发电项目
国内第一个海岸潮间带滩涂光伏项目，在新能源发展史上具有 里程碑意义，同时也是目前全国最大规模海岸滩涂渔光互补光 伏项目。
Datang Zhejiang Xiangshan Changdatu 300MW Tidal Flat PV Power
Generation Project
It is the first PV project on tidal flats in the intertidal zone along the coast in China,holding    milestone    significance    in    the     history    of    new    energy development.It  is  also  the  largest  fishery-solar  hybrid  PV  project  in  coastal tidal flats in China at present.
南水北调中线引江补汉工程
南水北调后续工程首个开工项目，是全面推进南水北调后续工 程高质量发展、加快构建国家水网主骨架和大动脉的重要标志 性工程。
South-to-North Water Diversion Middle Route Project for Diverting Water
from the Yangtze River to the Han River
It is the first project to commence as part of the follow-up to the South-to-North Water Diversion Project.This project is a significant milestone in comprehensively promoting the high-quality development of subsequent projects of the South-to-
North Water Diversion Project and accelerating the construction of the main
framework  and  arteries  of  the   national  water  network.
大唐吉林向阳二期600MW风电项目
中国北方最大“风光储一体化”项目的中期工程，是吉林省“陆 上风光三峡”能源产业布局中首个大型清洁能源基地化项目。
Datang Xiangyang 600MW Wind Power Project Phase Il in Jilin Province
It is the medium-term project of the largest "Wind/PV/Storage Integration" project in northern China and the first large-scale clean energy base project in Jilin Province's "Onshore Three Gorges"energy industry layout.
华润财金红光渔业800MW光伏发电项目三、四期220kV 升压站
国家首期大型风电光伏基地项目、2022年度山东省储能示范项目 和2022年度山东省重大项目，是山东省单体容量最大的新能源和 储能项目。
Huaruncaijin Hongguang Fishery 220 kV Booster Substation for Phase Ⅲ and IV of 800 MW PV Power Generation Project
It is the first national large-scale wind and PV power base project,the 2022 Shandong Province Energy Storage Demonstration Project and the 2022 Shandong Major Project.It is also the new energy and energy storage project with   the   largest   single   capacity   in   Shandong    Province.
核心产品
Core products
FUZHOU TIANYU ELECTRIC
1
变压器设备
Transformer Equipment
220 kV级及其以下电压等级节能型油浸式电力变压器
Energy-saving oil-immersed powertransformerwith voltage level of 220kVand below
■产品用途/Productusage
随着国民经济发展，各行业的全面复苏，我国的能源短缺日趋严重。随着新能效标准的实施，高损耗的变压 器已逐渐地退出市场，特别是高电压电网直接引入城区，深入负荷中心其对高性能、低损耗变压器的需求逐 年增加。满足GB20052-2024 损耗要求的节能型变压器是新建的变电站和改造后的变电站的最佳选择。
With the development of national economy and the comprehensive recovery of various industries,China is facing an increasingly severe energy shortage.With the implementation of new energy efficiency standards,high-loss transformers  have  gradually  withdrawn  from  the  market.Especially  when  high  voltage  power  grid  is  directly introduced into urban areas,the demand for high-performance and low-loss transformers in load centers increases rapidly year by year.Energy-saving transformers that meet the loss requirements of Minimum Allowable Values of Energy Efficiency and the Energy Efficiency Grades for Power Transformers(GB20052-2024)are the best choice for new and renovated substations.
■适用范围/Scope ofapplication
适用于电力系统中和石化及钢铁、造纸、新能源发电等输配电领域，通过升压或降压以达到电力输配的目 的，也可用于不同电压电网中的联络。
It  is  suitable  for  power  system  and  power  transmission  and  distribution  fields  such  as  petrochemical,steel, papermaking and new energy power generation.It can be used to achieve the purpose of power transmission and distribution through step-up or step-down,and can also be used for connection in different voltage power grids.
■产品功能/Productfunctions
220 kV级及其以下电压等级油浸式电力变压器作为变电站的重要设备，是具有电压变换与电能传输、在线监 控与远程通信功能并满足用户多样化需求的多功能变压器。可由变压器主体、主控单元、调节控制部件、传 感采集、通信传输等单元组成满足运行数据监测、保护、故障报警、状态诊断与评估、信息管理、通信接口 和一定的高级功能，是目前输配电系统中使用最多、分布最广的大型设备。
As important equipment in substations,oil-immersed power transformers with voltage class of 220 kV and below are multifunctional transformers that have the functions of voltage conversion and electric energy transmission,online monitoring and remote communication,and meet the diversified needs of users.It can be composed of transformer body,main control  unit,regulation  and control components,sensor acquisition,communication transmission and other units to  meet the  requirements of operation data  monitoring,protection,fault alarm,status diagnosis and evaluation,information management,communication interface and certain advanced functions.It is the most widely used and distributed large-scale equipment in power transmission and distribution system at present.
产品优势/Product advantages
◆220 kV级及其以下电压等级油浸式电力变压器有足够的主、纵绝缘裕度
Oil-immersed power transformers with voltage class of 220 kV and below shall have sufficient primary and longitudinal insulation margin.
利用大型仿真软件对绕组各部位的场强进行分析，使之小于许用值，反复调整各区电容量参数以达到最佳配 合，使之取得理想的电位分布和冲击梯度分布。
The field intensity of each part of the winding is analyzed by large-scale simulation software to make it less than the allowable value,and the capacitance parameters of each zone are adjusted repeatedly to achieve the best match, so as to obtain ideal potential distribution and impulse gradient distribution.
◆杂散损耗低、效率高、无局部过热
Low stray loss,high efficiency and no local overheating
根据漏磁场数计算结果，确定绕组的换位方案，设置完善的磁屏蔽结构。针对铁芯表面磁通密集区，采用不 导磁钢构件，设置槽孔，从而有效降低附加损耗。
According to the calculation results of leakage flux number,determine the winding transposition scheme and set up a perfect magnetic shielding structure.For the high magnetic flux region on the iron core surface,non-magnetic steel components are used and slotted holes are set to effectively reduce additional losses.
◆油路结构合理，无油流带电
Reasonable oil circuit structure and no oil flow electrification
对器身内部的油流分布进行量化计算及最优化调整，严格控制油流速度，并使高流速避开高场强区。
Quantitative calculation and optimal adjustment are carried out for the oil flow distribution inside the transformer body,the oil flow rate is strictly controlled,and let the high flow rate area avoid the high field strength area.
◆局部放电量低
Low partial discharge capacity
严格控制各接地部位的电场强度，改善电极形状，强化制造工艺和采用引线冷压接，保证器身清洁，采取高 真空注油，保证油质。
Strictly  control the  electric field  intensity  of each  grounding  part,improve  the  electrode  shape,strengthen  the manufacturing process and adopt cold press connection of leads to ensure the cleanliness of the transformer body. Adopt high vacuum oil injection to ensure the oil quality.
◆箱体结构合理，外形美观
Reasonable tank structure and beautiful appearance
油箱采用折板工艺，减少焊缝，密封面精加工处理，严格检验密封材料，强化组件安装规程，提高整体安装 质量，消除渗漏。
The folded plate process is adopted for the oil tank to reduce welds,with precision machining of sealing surfaces, rigorous  inspection  of  sealing  materials,and  enhanced  component  installation  procedures  to  improve  overall installation quality and eliminate leakage.
◆抗短路能力强
Strong ability to withstand short circuit
通过计算分析，改善短路状态下漏磁分布，降低轴向机械力。采取整体套装，恒压干燥，控制绕组高度互 差，提高轴向稳定性。合理选择绕组形式及导线规格，降低电密，提高幅向稳定性。
Through calculation and analysis,the leakage flux distribution under short circuit condition is improved to reduce axial mechanical force.Adopt overall assembly,dry at constant pressure,control the mutual deviation of winding height and improve axial stability.Reasonably select the winding form and conductor specification,reduce the current density and improve the lateral stability.
■ 核心技术/Core technology
◆线圈采用自粘性换位导线和半硬组合导线直接绕制在高密度纸板成型硬绝缘纸筒上；
The coil is directly wound on the hard insulating paper tube formed by high-density paperboard with self-adhesive transposed conductor and semi-hard composite conductor;
◆绕组采用恒温恒压相套装工艺保证器身高度；
The winding adopts the constant temperature and constant voltage phase stacking process to ensure the height of the transformer body;
◆铁芯采用全斜45°多级接缝、 “D”  形结构、板式夹件宽幅结构来降低损耗和噪音；
The iron core adopts fully inclined 45°multi-stage joints,"D"structure and wide plate clamp structure to reduce loss and noise;
◆器身采用煤油气相干燥及引线采用冷压焊等技术来降低局放；
Partial discharge is reduced by drying the body in kerosene vapor phase and using cold pressure welding for leads;
◆密封采用双限位结构来杜绝渗漏油；
Oil leakage is prevented by adopting double-limit structure for sealing;
◆ 高压线圈雷电冲击波形良好， 各种电压下局部放电量、温升均优于国标，噪音比国标低7dB(A);
The high-voltage coil has an excellent lightning impulse waveform,with partial discharge and temperature rise under various voltages surpassing national standards,and noise being 7 dB(A)lower than the national standard;
◆油箱采用特制结构，适合长途运输。
The fuel tank is of a special structure,suitable for long-distance transportation.
■ 性能指标/Performance Indicators
以额定容量50000kVA一级能效产品为例：
Take grade 1energy efficiency products with a rated capacity of 50,000 kVA as an example:
天宇电气
TIANYU ELECTRIC
35 kV 及以下SC(B)10～18型环氧树脂浇注干式变压器
SC(B)10-18Epoxy Resin Cast Dry-type Transformerof35kVand below
■ 产品概述/Product Overview
35 kV及以下SC(B)10～18 型干式变压器主要应用于 变、配电设备系统。干式变压器最适宜用于防火要 求高，负荷波动大以及污秽潮湿的恶劣环境中。产品 应用于三峡、黄河小浪底、奥运鸟巢、首都机场、北 京地铁、宁德核电、上海世博会馆、杭州亚运会馆等 国家重大工程项目。干式变压器产品通过意大利 CESI认证。公司通过质量、环境、职业健康安全一 体化管理体系认证。“榕牌”天宇干式变压器多次 通过国家变压器质量监督检验中心的型式试验及特 殊试验。
SC(B)10-18 dry-type transformers of 35 kV and below are mainly used in power transformation and distribution  equipment  systems.Dry-type  transformers  are   most  suitable  for  environments  with   high  fire   prevention  requirements,large load fluctuations,and harsh conditions like pollution and humidity.The products are used in  the Three Gorges Dam,Yellow River Xiaolangdi Dam,Beijing National Stadium,Beijing Capital International Airport, Beijing Subway,Ningde nuclear power plant,Shanghai World Expo pavilions,Hangzhou Asian Games venues,and  other major national engineering projects.The dry-type transformers have passed the Italian CESI certification.The company  has  obtained  the  certification  of  the   integrated   management  system  for  quality,environment,and  occupational health and safety.The "Rongpai"Tianyu dry-type transformer has repeatedly passed the type tests and special tests of China National Transformer Quality Supervision and Inspection Center.
■适用范围/Scope ofapplication
◆电力领域：如火电、水电、核电、燃气发电、风力发电等；
Power  field:such   as  thermal  power,hydropower,nuclear  power,gas-fired  power  generation,and  wind  power generation;
◆石化领域：如石油开采、石油炼化、天然气开采等；
Petrochemical field:such as oil exploitation,petroleum refining,and natural gas exploitation;
◆交通领域：如地铁、轻轨、机场、轮船、公路、城市交通等；
Transportation field:such  as  subway,light  rail,airport,ship,highway,and  urban  transportation;
◆建筑领域：如高层建筑、商贸广场、通讯大楼、居民小区等；
Construction field:such as high-rise buildings,commercial plazas,communication buildings,and residential areas;
◆工矿领域：如设备特殊供电、工厂改造搬迁、矿区用电、冶金业等。
Industrial and mining fields:such as special power supply for equipment,transformation and relocation of factories, electricity consumption in mining areas,and metallurgical industry.
FUZHOU TIANYU ELECTRIC
■功能特点/FunctionalFeatures
◆安全、阻燃防火、无污染，可直接安装在负荷中心；
It is safe,flame-retardant,fireproof,and pollution-free,and it can be directly installed in the load center;
◆免维护、安装简便、综合运行成本低；
It is maintenance-free,with simple installation and low comprehensive operation cost;
◆防潮性能好、损耗低、局部放电量低、噪音小、散热能力强，强迫风冷条件下可以150%额定负载运行；
It  has  good  moisture-proof  performance,low  loss,low  partial  discharge  capacity,low  noise,and  strong  heat dissipation capability.It can operate at 150%of the rated load under forced air cooling conditions;
◆配备有完善的温度保护控制系统，为变压器安全运行提供可靠保障。
It is equipped with a comprehensive temperature protection control system to provide reliable guarantee for the safe operation of the transformer.
■产品优势/Productadvantages
◆变压器铁芯采用高导磁低损耗晶粒取向冷轧硅钢片，45°全斜接缝、步进式七片七阶梯结构。铁芯柱采用国际
上先进的TENAX高强度捆扎带捆扎工艺，降低了磁滞损耗和噪音；
The transformer core is made of high-permeability,low-loss,grain-oriented cold-rolled silicon steel sheets,with 45° full  miter  joints   and  a  step-lap  seven-layer  seven-step  structure.The  core  column  is  strapped  with  the internationally advanced TENAX high-strength strapping,which reduces hysteresis loss and noise;
◆ 干式配电变压器的低压线圈在法国进口的SCAL箔式绕线机上绕制，层间绝缘为H级 、DMD 环氧树脂预浸绝缘 材料，线圈绕制后，上下端面以环氧树脂严格包封，防止灰尘与潮气侵入绕组内部，保证绝缘性能；
The low-voltage coil of the dry-type distribution transformer is wound on a SCAL foil winding machine imported from France.The interlayer insulation is made of H-grade DMD epoxy resin prepreg insulating material.After the coil is wound,the upper and lower end faces are tightly encapsulated with epoxy resin to prevent dust and moisture from intruding into the winding and ensure the insulation performance;
◆外壳的材料采用铝合金或不锈钢。铝合金材料经过氧化处理，可保证长期使用不变色；
The shell is made of aluminum alloy or stainless steel.The aluminum alloy material is oxidized to ensure long-term use without discoloration;
◆干式变压器在产品装配中，上下铁轭垫块与线圈间采用高弹性耐老化的硅橡胶板配合螺栓压紧方式，提高了 变压器的稳定性和整体机械强度。引线全部经过机加工，无毛刺、美观整齐。
In the product assembly of the dry-type transformer,highly elastic and aging-resistant silicone rubber plates are used between the upper and lower steel yoke pads and coils together with bolts for compression,which improves the stability and overall mechanical strength of the transformer.All leads are machined,free of burrs,and neatly arranged.
■ 性能指标/Performance Indicators
FUZHOU TIANYU ELECTRIC
ZBS、ZBSCB系列整流变压器
ZBS and ZBSCB series rectifiertransformers
■产品概述/Product Overview
ZBS、ZBSCB系列整流变压器主要应用于化工企业 的电解加工、矿山或城市电力机车的直流电网、轧 钢企业电力传动中的直流电机供电、电镀或电加工 用直流电源，励磁用直流电源，充电及静电除尘用 直流电源等。该系列产品可根据用户需求设计成干 式整流变压器和油浸式整流变压器两大类。
ZBS and ZBSCB series rectifier transformers are mainly used    for    electrolytic  processing  in  chemical enterprises,DC power grids for electric locomotives in mines or cities,DC motor power supply in electric drive of steel rolling enterprises,and DC power supply for electroplating or electrical processing,excitation, and charging and electrostatic precipitation,etc.This series of products can  be designed  into dry-type rectifier     transformers  or  oil-immersed    rectifier transformers according to user requirements.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆该系列产品充分考虑整流变过负荷严重，各次谐波 对变压器温升的影响，保证变压器寿命为30年；
This  series  of  products  fully  considers  the  serious overload of rectifier transformers  and the  impact  of each  harmonic  on  transformer  temperature  rise  to ensure a transformer lifespan of 30 years;
◆高低压间设置接地屏，有效保护整流设备；
Grounding screens are set between high and low voltages   to   effectively   protect   the   rectifier equipment;
◆低压采用箔式线圈，产品的抗短路能力强；
The foil coil is adopted for low voltage,which provides strong short-circuit resistance for the products;
◆产品具有节能、低损耗、低噪声、抗冲击和抗短路能力强、过载能力强、结构紧凑、体积小、供电可靠等优点。
The products have advantages such as energy saving,low loss,low noise,strong resistance to impact and short circuit,strong overload capacity,compact structure,small size,and available power supply.
■主要性能指标/Main Performance Indicators
以ZS-8000/10-0.66型号产品为例：
Take ZS-8000/10-0.66 as an example:
SC(B)14、18 干式节能变压器
SC(B)14,18 dry-typeenergy-saving transformers
■产品概述/Product Overview
SC(B)14、18干式节能变压器是新型节能干式变压 器系列产品。公司积极响应国家节能减排政策，根 据工信部《变压器能效提升计划(2021-2023年)》 通知精神，按照最新能效标准GB20052-2024《电 力 变压器能效限定值及能效等级》,开发了SCB14、 SCB18新能效二级、 一级系列产品。产品可根据用 户需求配置真空有载调压装置或者搭载智能化单 元，实现远程智能控制，广泛适用于电网配电、房 地产、工矿企业等领域。
SC(B)14 and 18 dry-type energy-saving transformers
belong  to  a  new  series  of  energy-saving  dry-type
transformer products.The company actively responds
to the national energy saving and emission reduction
policy.According to the spirit of Transformer  Energy  Efficiency  Enhancement  Plan  (2021-2023)issued  by  the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology,the company has developed SCB14 and SCB18 series products with grade 2 and grade 1 energy efficiency in accordance with the latest energy efficiency standard GB 20052-2024 Minimum Allowable Values of Energy Efficiency and the Energy Efficiency Grades for Power Transformers.The products can be equipped with vacuum on-load voltage regulating device or intelligent unit according to user requirements to realize remote intelligent control.This is widely applicable in power grid distribution,real estate, industrial and mining enterprises,and other fields.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆节能、环保、绿色；
Energy-saving,environmentally friendly,and green;
◆低损耗、低噪声；
Low loss and low noise;
◆抗开裂性能好，免维护；
Good crack resistance and maintenance-free;
◆防潮、防霉、防污秽；
Moisture-proof,mildew-proof,and    anti-fouling;
◆抗短路能力强。
Strong short-circuit resistance.
■主要性能指标/Main Performance Indicators
◆高压：6、6.3、6.6、10、10.5、11kV High voltage:6,6.3,6.6,10,10.5,and   11kV
◆低压：0.4、0.69、0.8kV
Low voltage:0.4,0.69,and 0.8kV
◆高压分接范围： ±2*2.5%、±5%、±3*2.5% HV   tapping   range:±2*2.5%,±5%,±3*2.5%
◆短路阻抗：4%、6%、8%、10%
Short-circuit  impedance:4%,6%,8%,and  10%
◆联结组标号： Dyn11、Yyn0、Yd11
Vector group designation:Dyn11,Yyn0,and Yd11
◆噪声：≤54dB
Noise:≤54  dB
■ 主要技术参数/Main Technical Parameters
SC(B)14、18干式节能变压器技术参数
Technical Parameters of SC(B)14and 18 Dry-type Energy Saving Transformers
SC(B)17、19干式非晶合金节能变压器(三相三柱式)
SC(B)17,19dry-type amorphous alloy energy-saving transformers(three-phase and three-limbtype)
■产品概述/Product Overview
SC(B)17、19 干式非晶合金节能变压器是一种新型 低损耗节能干式变压器产品。该产品结合了非晶合 金铁心变压器和环氧树脂浇注干式变压器的技术优 势，改进升级原有三相四框五柱的结构形式，采用 三相三柱框架限位保护结构，紧凑合理并具有较好 的整体刚性，是非晶合金干式变压器新一代产品。 产品按照最新能效标准GB  20052-2024《电力变压 器能效限定值及能效等级》,依托成熟的设计和工 艺制生产，适用于新电网改造和电网升级等各种应 用场景。
SC(B)17 and 19 dry-type amorphous alloy energy-saving transformers are new types of low-loss energy-saving dry- type transformer products.The products combine the technical advantages of amorphous alloy core transformers  and epoxy resin cast dry-type transformers.The previous three-phase four-frame five-limb structure is transformed and upgraded into a three-phase three-limb frame limit protection structure.It is compact and reasonable with good  overall  rigidity,marking  the  products  a  new  generation  of  amorphous  alloy  dry-type  transformers.The products are produced in accordance with the latest energy efficiency standard GB 20052-2024 Minimum Allowable Values of Energy Efficiency and the Energy Efficiency Grades for Power Transformers.They are manufactured based on  mature  design  and  process,making  it  suitable  for  various  application  scenarios  such  as  new  power  grid reconstruction and grid upgrades
Noise:≤54  dB
■主要技术参数/Main Technical Parameters
SC(B)17、19干式非晶合金节能变压器技术参数
Technical Parameters ofSC(B)17and 19Dry-typeAmorphous Alloy Energy-saving Transformers
S20型油浸式节能变压器
S20 oil-immersedenergy-saving transformer
■产品概述/Product Overview
S20型节能变压器是在S11型节能变压器基础上推出 的新型节能变压器，具有较优经济性价比，与S11型 变压器相比空载损耗降低了30～40%,负载损耗降 低了20～30%。本产品是在本公司现有设备和工艺水 平的基础上，采用性价比高的优质硅钢片23RK090及 以上，铁心结构上主要是采用45°全斜、阶梯形五级接 缝 、柱与轭等截面，这种结构能使空载损耗、空载电 流明显降低，从而满足S20型变压器的节能要求。
As  a   new   type   based   on   S11   energy-saving
transformer,S20 energy-saving transformer has better
cost-effectiveness.Compared with S11 transformer,
the no-load loss of S20 transformer is reduced by
30-40%and its load loss by 20-30%.Based on the existing equipment and process level of the company,this product uses high-quality silicon steel sheet 23RK090 and above with high cost performance.The core structure mainly  adopts  45°full  miter,stepped  ive-stage  joints,and  column  and  yoke  sections.This  structure  can significantly reduce no-load loss and no-load current,thus meeting the energy saving requirements of S20 transformer.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆ S20型节能变压器与S13型变压器相比，空载损耗降低了30～40%,负载损耗了20～20%,提高了效率，能够
降低电网损耗、改善电网供电质量；
Compared with S13 transformer,the no-load loss of S20 energy-saving transformer is reduced by 30-40%and the load loss by 20-30%,which improves efficiency,reduces grid loss,and enhances power supply quality;
◆ 节能效果仅次于非晶合金变压器，但制造简单，成本低，性价比高；
The energy-saving effect of S20 transformer is only second to that of the amorphous alloy transformer,but S20 transformer is simple to manufacture,low in cost,and high in cost performance;
◆与立体卷铁心结构变压器相比，维护方便，方便用户接线；
Compared with the transformer with three-dimensional wound core structure,it is convenient for maintenance and users'wiring;
◆高压线圈采用无氧铜导线，200kVA以上低压线圈采用铜箔，绕制成层式线圈，提高了变压器整体抗短路能 力，提高了产品的动热稳定性能；
The high-voltage coil is made of oxygen-free copper wire,and the low-voltage coil above 200 kVA of copper foil.The coils are wound in layers,which improves the overall short circuit resistance and the dynamic thermal stability of the transformer;
◆可靠性高，产品运行稳定，全密封免维护；
High reliability,stable product operation,fully sealed,and maintenance-free;
◆根据用户需求亦可生产S22型一级能效油浸配电变压器。
S22 oil-immersed distribution transformer with grade 1 energy efficiency can also be produced according to user requirements.
■ 性能指标/Performance Indicators
以S13-630/10 型号产品为例：
Take S13-630/10 as an example:
SZ20型有载油浸节能变压器
SZ20 on-load oil-immersedenergy-saving transformer
■ 产品概述/ProductOverview
SZ20 型有载油浸节能变压器是在S20 基础上附加有 载调压分接开关，该产品具有带电调整变压器低压 输出电压能力，它解决了电网发生较大波动时候，能 够自动维持变压器输出电压稳定，不影响后端用电设 备正常使用，除适用于电压不稳定的农村电网，还适 用于一些需求长期稳定运行的工矿企业。
SZ20 on-load oil-immersed energy-saving transformer is based on the S20 transformer with an added on-load tap changer.The product has the capability to adjust the low-voltage output voltage of the transformer with electricity,which  addresses significant fluctuations  in the power grid by automatically maintaining a stable transformer   output   voltage   without   affecting   the normal use of downstream electrical equipment.It is not only suitable for rural power grids where voltage is unstable,but  also  suitable  for  some   industrial  and mining   enterprises    that   require   long-term   stable operation.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆ 通过自动调压功能维持电压稳定，保证用电设备稳定运行。
Maintain voltage stability through automatic voltage regulation function to ensure the stable operation of electrical equipment.
◆利于供电管理模式的改变，提高配电管理水平。
It is conducive to the change of power supply management mode and improvement of distribution management level.
◆选配智能有载分接开关，可以实现：实时调控，通过手持终端的APP,可以实时看到变压器的电压、电流、 有功功率、无功功率、功率因数。智能判断，控制器可智能测量电压情况自动调整变压器分接挡位，保证系 统电压输出稳定。
The optional intelligent on-load tap changer can realize:real-time regulation and control. Through the APP on a handheld terminal,the voltage,current,active power,reactive power,and power factor of the transformer can be seen  in  real  time.Intelligent  judgment.The  controller  can  intelligently  measure  the  voltage  and  automatically adjust the transformer tap position to ensure stable system voltage output.
◆铁心结构为叠片式结构，阶梯形45度、五级全斜接缝，不冲孔，改善了磁路结构，增大了接缝面积，减少了 接缝处的磁通阻力。
The core is of a laminated structure,with stepped 45°and five-stage full miter joints without punching.It changes the magnetic circuit structure,increases the joint area,and reduces the magnetic flux resistance at the joints.
◆ S20型节能变压器与S13型变压器相比， 空载损耗降低了30～40%,负载损耗了20～30%,提高了效率， 能 够
降低电网损耗、改善电网供电质量。
Compared with S13 transformer,the no-load loss of S20 energy-saving transformer is reduced by 30～40%and the load loss is reduced by 20～30%,which improves efficiency,reduces grid loss and improves power supply quality.
◆根据用户需求亦可生产SZ22型一级能效油浸配电变压器。
SZ22 first-class energy efficiency oil-immersed distribution transformer can also be produced according to user requirements.
■ 主要技术参数/Main Technical Parameters
SZ20 型有载油浸节能变压器技术参数
Technical parameters of SZ20 on-load oil-immersed energy-savingtransformer
油浸式分裂变压器
Oil-immersed splittransformer
■产品概述/Product Overview
近年来为了限制短路电流，节省基本建设投资，分裂式变压器的 采用日渐增多。特别由于断路器断路容量的限制，大型变电站的 厂用电变压器要分为两个支路供动力用电，所以厂用电变压器大 量采用分裂变压器。油浸式分裂变压器是多绕组变压器中的一种 型式，和普通多绕组变压器的不同点：它的低压绕组中分裂成容 量相等的几个支路，这几个支路没有电气上的联结，而仅有较弱 的磁的联系。
In recent years,split-type transformers have been increasingly used  to   limit   short-circuit   current   and   save   capital   construction investment.Especially  due  to  the  limitation  of  circuit  breaker  breaking capacity,auxiliary power transformers in large substations  need to be divided into two branches for power supply.Therefore, split transformers are widely used as auxiliary power transformers. The  oil-immersed  split  transformer  is  a  type  of  multi-winding transformer.It differs from the ordinary multi-winding transformer  in that its low-voltage winding is split into several branches with equal capacity,which have no electrical connection but only weak magnetic connection.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆运行方式有三种：穿越运行，半穿越运行，分裂运行；
There are three types of operation:crossing operation,semi-crossing operation and split operation;
◆分裂方式有两种：辐向分裂和轴向分裂；
There are two types of splitting:radial split and axial split;
◆分裂变压器低压绕组的一个分支发生短路时，另一个分支的负载仍可在接近90%的电压下维持运行；
When one branch of the low-voltage winding of a split transformer is short-circuited,the load on the other branch can still maintain operation at a voltage close to 90%;
◆制造成本低；
Low manufacturing cost;
◆同容量时，体积小。
Small volume at the same capacity.
■主要性能指标/Main Performance Indicators
以我公司和某企业签订的合同，SZ-50000/110的厂用分裂变压器为例：
Take  the  contract  signed  between  our  company  and  an  enterprise,SZ-50000/110    auxiliary  sub-assembled transformer as an example.
油浸式24脉波移相整流变压器
Oil-immersed 24-pulse phase-shifting rectifiertransformer
■ 产品概述/Product Overview
油浸式移相整流变压器主要是通过整流变压器高压侧进行移相， 基本上可以消除幅值较大的低次谐波，从而有效消除或减轻谐波 对电网的污染。
The oil-immersed phase-shifting rectifier transformer mainly shifts the phase through the high voltage side of the rectifier transformer, which  can  basically  eliminate  low-order  harmonics  with  large amplitude,thus effectively eliminating or reducing the  pollution of harmonics to the power grid.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆ 与普通整流变压器不同的是：增加了移相线圈，移相可以在高 压、低压上移相，也有多种移相方式。因此在设计、制造、工艺
等方面就要比普通整流变压器难度要高很多；
Different from ordinary rectifier transformer,the phase-shifting line diagram is added.The phase can be shifted on high voltage and low voltage,and there are also many ways of phase shifting.Therefore, it is much more difficult than ordinary rectifier transformers in terms of design,manufacture and process;
◆移相整流变压器通常是多台变压器配套使用，可以整流出18、24 等多脉冲的移相整流变压器。
The  phase-shifting  rectifier  transformer  is  usually  used  with multiple transformers,which can rectify the phase-shifting rectifier transformer with multiple pulses such as 18 and 24.
■ 性能指标/Performance Indicators
一 台ZBSS-6300/35   D(-7.5)y11d0与另一台ZBSS-6300/35    D(+7.5)y11d0组成24脉波移相整流变压器。
A ZBSS-6300/35D(-7.5)y11d0 and another ZBSS-6300/35D(+7.5)y11d0 form a 24-pulse phase-shifting rectifier transformer.
KYN72-40.5 铠装移开式金属封闭开关设备
KYN72-40.5 armored removable metalenclosed switchgear
■产品概述/Product Overview
KYN72-40.5铠装移开式金属封闭开关设备适用于三相交流 50Hz、额定电压40.5kV单母线及单母线分段电力系统，主 要应用于发电厂、变电所、工矿企业及高层建筑的变配电 中，作为接受和配电能之用，并对电路实行控制、保护和 检测，满足IEC298、GB3906、DL/T404等标准的要求。
KYN72-40.5 armored removable metal enclosed switchgear is suitable for three-phase AC 50HZ,rated voltage 40.5kV single busbar and single busbar section power system.It is mainly used   in   power   plants,substations,industrial   and   mining enterprises and high-rise buildings for receiving and distributing electric energy as well as controlling,protecting and detecting circuits,meeting the requirements of IEC298,GB3906,DL/T404 and other standards.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆本产品采用高强度抗腐蚀性强的覆铝锌板叠厚折弯成型，由铆钉铆接及螺栓与拉铆螺母连接而成。整个柜体 无焊接，尺寸精确、刚度强、互换性好；
This product is made of aluminum-coated zinc plates with high strength and strong corrosion resistance,which are laminated and bent into shape.It is riveted by rivets and connected by bolts and pull rivet nuts.The whole cabinet is free of welding,with accurate size,strong rigidity and good interchangeability;
◆采用复合绝缘，优化电极形状，使柜体结构紧凑，缩小占地面积；
Composite insulation is adopted to optimize the electrode shape,make the cabinet structure compact and reduce the floor area;
◆采用四连杆活门机构，用绝缘触头盒代替金属中隔板，大大提升了柜体的绝缘性能；
The four-link valve mechanism is adopted,and the insulated contact box replaces the metal middle partition,which greatly improves the insulation performance of the cabinet;
◆采用滚珠丝杆推进机构，使得手车推进(退出)相当省力；
The ball screw pushing mechanism is adopted,which makes the handcart pushing(withdrawal)quite labor-saving;
◆具有“五防”联锁，保证人身安全。操作方便，运行可靠；
It has "five-prevention"interlocking to ensure personal safety,convenient operation and reliable operation;
◆高刚度的柜体骨架，合理的压力释放通道，辅助以可靠的柜门及门锁设计，可防止内部故障对人体造成安全 危害。开关柜在西高所通过内部故障试验。
The high-rigidity cabinet framework,reasonable pressure release channel and reliable cabinet door and lock design can prevent internal faults from causing safety hazards to human body.The switchgear passed the internal fault test in Xi'an High Voltage Apparatus Research Institute Co.,Ltd.
■主要技术参数/Main Technical Parameters
KYN31-24铠装移开式金属封闭开关设备
KYN31-24armored removable metal enclosed switchgear
■产品概述/Product Overview
KYN31-24铠装移开式金属封闭开关设备是额定电压24kV, 三 相 交 流50Hz单母线分段系统的成套配电装置，主要用于发电厂、中小 型发电机送电、工矿企事业配电以及电业系统的二次变电所的受 电、送电及大型高压电动机启动等实现控制、保护、监测之目的。 KYN31-24 armored removable metal enclosed switchgear is a complete set of power distribution equipment with rated voltage of 24kV and three-phase AC 50Hz single busbar sectionalized system.It is mainly used for control,protection and monitoring purposes such as power plants,small  and  medium-sized  generators,power  distribution   by industrial and mining enterprises and institutions,power supply and transmission of secondary substations in electric systems,and startup of large high-voltage motors.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆成功通过了温升、机械操作及机械寿命、绝缘、短路开断及关合、内燃弧等多项试验论证，满足不同用户对开 关设备的差异性需求；
It has successfully passed many tests and demonstrations such as temperature rise,mechanical operation and mechanical life,insulation,short-circuit breaking and making,internal combustion arc,etc.,meeting the different needs of different users for switchgear;
◆接地开关采用快速合闸机构，具有短路关合能力，操作机构连杆上安装有机械闭锁，可防止当接地开关处于合 闸状态时推入断路器手车或误入带电间隔。接地开关还可加装闭锁电磁铁，用以实现接地开关与非本柜之间的 电气联锁；
The grounding switch adopts a quick closing mechanism with short-circuit making capability.A mechanical lock is installed on the connecting rod of the operating mechanism to prevent pushing into the circuit breaker handcart or entering the live interval by mistake when the grounding switch is closed.The grounding switch can also be equipped with a locking electromagnet to realize electrical interlocking between the grounding switch and other cabinets;
◆活门驱动机构可以加装电气闭锁装置，以防止断路器手车在移开位置时由于误操作引起带电静触头裸露，确保 人身和设备安全；
The valve drive mechanism can be additionally equipped with an electrical locking device to prevent the live static contact from being exposed due to misoperation when the circuit breaker handcart is moved away,thus ensuring personal and equipment safety;
◆ 保证同规格手车可以自由互换，不同规格手车不能进入工作位置。
Ensure that handcarts of the same specification can be freely interchanged,and handcarts of different specifications cannot enter the working position.
■主要技术参数/Main Technical Parameters
石桥35kV变电站应用业绩
Application Performance of Shiqiao 35kVSubstation
天宇电气
TIANYU ELECTRIC
KYN31-12铠装移开式金属封闭开关设备
KYN31-12 armored removable metalenclosed switchgear
■产品概述/Product Overview
KYN31-12铠装移开式金属封闭开关设备是本公司在引进美 国通用公司先进技术的基础上，根据国情以及国内一些用户 的特殊要求，自行研发的达到国际先进水平的中置式开关设 备。本开关柜是三相交流、50Hz单母线及单母线分段系统 的户内成套配电装置，用于接受和分配3~10kV网络电能， 并对电路实行控制、保护及监测。
KYN31-12 armored removable metal enclosed switchgear is an internationally     advanced      mid-mounted     switchgear independently developed by our company based on the introduction of advanced technology from General Electric Company of the United States according to national conditions and  special  requirements  of  some  domestic  users.The switchgear is an indoor complete power distribution device of three-phase AC,50Hz single busbar and single busbar section system.It is used to receive and distribute 3~10kV network electric energy and control,protect and monitor the circuit.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆多种主开关配置方案可供选择：ZN21、VBP、VD4、VEP、VS1、3AH、EV12、VPR等；
Various main switch configuration schemes are available:ZN21,VBP,VD4,VEP,VS1,3AH,EV12,VPR,etc.;
◆柜体采用高强度、抗腐蚀的进口覆铝锌板加工制造，骨架采用覆铝锌板叠厚弯边工艺，覆铝锌板均采用数控
冲床加工并由自攻螺钉连接而成，结构刚度好，强度、精度高；
The  cabinet  is  made  of  high-strength  and  corrosion-resistant  imported  aluminum-coated  zinc  plates.The framework adopts the thick stacking and bending process of aluminum-coated zinc plates,which are processed by CNC punching machine and connected by tapping screws,with good structural rigidity and high strength accuracy;
◆800 mm 宽及以上中置柜带电体相间及相对地采用空气绝缘，保证相间及相对地空气净距离大于125mm;
The interphase and phase-to-ground air insulation shall be adopted for the charged body of centrally installed switchgear with a width of 800mm or above to ensure that the interphase and phase-to-ground air clearance is greater than 125mm;
◆触头和上下活门联锁机构简单可靠且可单独开启或关闭；完善的全机械“五防”闭锁二次插联锁机构；
The contacts and upper and lower valves interlocking mechanism is simple and reliable,and can be opened or closed individually;the perfect all-mechanical "five-prevention"locking secondary plug interlocking mechanism;
FUZHOU TIANYU ELECTRIC
◆高刚度的柜体骨架，合理的压力释放通道，辅助以可靠的柜门及门栓设计，可防止内部故障对人体造成安全 危害。
The high-rigidity cabinet framework,reasonable pressure release channel and reliable cabinet door and bolt design can prevent internal faults from causing safety hazards to human body.
■主要技术参数/Main Technical Parameters
注：架空方案柜深为1850mm。
Note:The  cabinet  depth   in  the  overhead  scheme   is   1,850mm
XGN82-12(40.5)型充气式金属封闭开关设备
XGN82-12(40.5)Gas-Insulated Metal Enclosed Switchgear
■产品概述/Product Overview
XGN82-12(40.5)型充气式金属封闭开关设备是三相交流50Hz单母线及单 母线分段系统的户内成套配电装置，作为接受和分配10~35kV网络电能 和对电路实行控制、保护及检测。本充气柜将各功能单元的高压元件安 装在一个密封的金属箱中，内充稍高于大气压的SF6气体介质，因而不 受外界环境条件的影响且外形尺寸小，特别适用于高湿度、高海拔、污 秽严重等环境条件场所，如城网地铁、高原铁路、轻轨铁路；并具有 “五防”的功能。
XGN82-12(40.5)gas-insulated metal enclosed switchgear is an indoor complete power distribution device of three-phase AC 50Hz single busbar and single busbar section system,which can receive and distribute 10~35kV network electric energy and control,protect and detect circuits.The gas- insulated  switchgear  installs  the  high-voltage  components  of  each functional unit in a sealed metal box,which is filled with SF6 gas medium slightly higher than atmospheric pressure.Therefore,it is not affected by external environmental conditions and has small overall dimensions.It is especially suitable for places with high humidity,high altitude,serious pollution and other environmental conditions,such as urban network metro,plateau  railway  and  light  rail.It  also  has  the  function  of  "five preventions".
■主要特点/Main Features
◆充气柜采用SF6气体+固体复合绝缘技术，主回路全封闭式屏蔽设计；与传统开关柜相比，具有体积小、可靠
性高、操作安全、寿命期内免维护、可适用于环境条件比较恶劣的场所等优点；
SF6 gas+solid composite insulation technology is adopted for the gas-insulated switchgear,and the main circuit is of fully enclosed shielding design.Compared with traditional switchgear,it has the advantages of small volume, high  reliability,safe  operation,maintenance-free  during   its  service   life,and  applicability  to   places  with   harsh  environmental  conditions;
◆充气隔室可设计成两气室结构，与其他单气室结构的充气柜相比，可提高电力系统运行的可靠性；
The gas-filled chamber can be designed as a two-gas chamber structure,which can improve the reliability of power system operation compared with other gas-insulated switchgear with single gas chamber structure;
◆主母线设计为单极封闭、固体绝缘屏蔽母线，装于充气壳体之外，现场安装方便、简单；
The main busbar is designed as a single-pole enclosed and solid insulated shielded busbar,which is installed outside the inflatable shell.It is convenient and simple to install on site;
◆气室箱体采用3mm 厚的不锈钢板焊接，并配适当的加强筋机构，可直接在大气中抽真空，与采用厚板(6mm) 焊接的充气柜相比，其加工工艺性好、成本低且外形美观；
The gas chamber box is welded with 3mm thick stainless steel plate and equipped with appropriate reinforcing rib mechanism,which can be directly vacuumized in the atmosphere.Compared with the gas-insulated switchgear welded with thick plates(6mm),it has good processing technology,low cost and beautiful appearance;
◆箱体内的元件与外部电缆的电气连接是通过外锥插拔式全封闭屏蔽型电缆终端连接。
The electrical connection between the elements in the box and external cables is connected by outer cone plug-in fully enclosed shielded cable terminals.
■主要技术参数/Main Technical Parameters
HXGN26-40.5(F、Z) 型海上风电专用气体绝缘金属封闭开关设备
HXGN26-40.5(F,Z)SpecialGas Insulated Metal-enclosed SwitchgearforOffshore Wind Power
■产品概述/Product Overview
HXGN26-40.5(F、Z) 型海上风电专用气体绝缘金属封闭开关设备(以下 简称充气柜)根据GB/T3906《3.6～40.5kV  交流金属封闭开关设备和控 制设备》设计和制造，是三相交流50Hz 单母线及单母线分段系统的户 内成套配电装置，作为接受和分配40.5kV网络电能和对电路实行控制、 保护。将各功能单元的高压元件安装在一个密封的微正压SF6气箱中， 不受外界环境条件的影响，特别适用于盐雾、高湿度、高海拔、凝露、 污秽等恶劣环境条件场所，特别适用于海上风机筒塔中。以海上风电标 准环网接线方案DV、DCV、DCCV的模式，标准化成套组合出厂，柜间 一二次连接厂内完成，配套标准化安装底座。
HXGN26-40.5(F,Z)special  gas-insulated  metal-enclosed  switchgear  for
offshore wind power (hereinafter referred to as gas-insulated switchgear)is
designed and manufactured according to GB/T3906 "Alternating-current
Metal-enclosed Switchgear and Controlgear for Rated Voltages Above 3.6kV and up to and Including 40.5KV".It   is an indoor complete distribution device of three-phase AC 50 Hz single busbar and single busbar sectionalized system,used for receiving and distributing 40.5kV network electric energy and controlling and protecting circuits. The HV components of each functional unit are installed in a sealed slight positive pressure SF6 air box,which is not affected  by  external  environmental  conditions.It  is  especially  suitable  for  places  with  severe  environmental conditions such as salt fog,high  humidity,high altitude,condensation and  pollution,especially for offshore wind turbine towers. In the mode of offshore wind power standard ring network wiring schemes DV,DCV and DCCV, it   is standardized and assembled as a complete set before delivering from the factory.Meanwhile,the primary and secondary connections between cabinets are completed in the factory,along with standardized installation bases.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆以海上风电标准环网接线方案DV、DCV、DCCV的 模 式 ，标准化成套组合出厂；
In the mode of offshore wind power standard ring network wiring schemes DV,DCV and DCCV,it is standardized and assembled as a complete set before delivering from the factory;
◆柜间一二次连接厂内完成，配套标准化安装底座；
The primary and secondary connections between cabinets are completed in the factory,along with standardized installation bases;
◆紧凑型轻量化设计，可以轻松通过风机塔门；
Compact and lightweight design makes it easy to pass through the fan tower door;
◆维护成本低，30年使用寿命期内免维护；
Low maintenance cost with maintenance-free during a 30-year service life;
◆标准化模块化设计，灵活组合。
Standardized modular design supports flexible combinations.
■ 主要技术参数/Main Technical Parameters
HXGN26-40.5型环网交流金属封闭开关设备
HXGN26-40.5ring networkalternating-current metal enclosed switchgear
■产品概述/Product Overview
本产品适用于户内三相交流50Hz、额定电压40.5kV的 环网供电系统中，主要用于风力发电、变电所、工矿 企业及高层建筑中，作为接受和分配电能之用，并对 电路实行保护、控制和监测。
This product applies to the ndoor three-phase AC 50HZ ring network power supply system with a rated  voltage  of  40.5kV,mainly   used   in  wind   power generation,substations,industrial       and       mining enterprises and high-rise buildings for receiving and distributing electric energy and protecting,controlling and monitoring circuits.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆ 采用国外先进技术设计、 制造；
Design and manufacture with foreign advanced technologies;
◆环网柜体积小，可放置于箱变中，也可直接放置风机的塔筒内；
The ring main unit has a small volume and can be placed in the prefabricated box-type substation or directly placed in the tower of the wind turbine;
◆六氟化硫环网柜无截流过电压，开断性能稳定；
Sulfur hexafluoride ring main unit has no cut-off overvoltage and stable breaking performance;
◆环网柜可搭载多组电缆，搭接安装方便；
The ring main unit can carry multiple groups of cables,which is convenient for overlapping and installation;
◆环网柜柜体侧边备有观察孔(具有防误功能),以便观察下接地刀的工作位置及状态；
The side of the ring main unit is provided with an observation hole(with an anti-misoperation function)to observe the working position and state of the lower grounding switch;
◆环网柜外壳采用进口覆铝锌板，防腐蚀能力强，适用于恶劣环境使用；
The enclosure of the ring main unit is made of imported aluminum-coated zinc plate,which has strong corrosion resistance and is suitable foruse in harsh environments;
◆ 具有完善的机械“五防”联锁，保证运行安全、可靠，操作方便；
It has perfect mechanical "five-prevention"interlocking to ensure safe,reliable and convenient operation;
◆环网柜主元件——FL(R)N44A负荷开关为三工位一体化，在进线侧不停电时，就可更换熔断器，便于用户维护；
The main component of the ring main unit,i.e.FL(R)N44A load switch,is integrated with three stations.When there is no power failure on the incoming line side,the fuse can be replaced to facilitate maintenance by users;
◆ SF6负荷开关采用直动压气式灭弧，结构简单且产品体积小；
SF6 load switch adopts direct-acting compressed air arc-extinguishing,with a simple structure and small product volume;
◆灭弧室采用不锈钢板，特殊压筋工艺经专用模具一次成型，强度高；并经焊接机械手焊接而成，密封性好、 耐腐蚀，能适用于环境恶劣的场所；
The arc-extinguishing chamber is made of stainless steel plate and is formed at one time by the special ribbing process  with  a  special  mold  and  has  high  strength.Welded  by  a  welding  manipulator,it  has  good  sealing performance and corrosion resistance,and can be applied to places in harsh environments;
◆ ZN91真空断路器可靠性高，特别适合频繁操作。
ZN91 vacuum circuit breaker has high reliability and is especially suitable for frequent operation.
■主要技术参数/Main Technical Parameters
HXGN17-12型户内环网交流金属封闭开关设备
HXGN17-12 indoorring networkalternating-current metalenclosed switchgear
■ 产品概述/Product Overview
HXGN17-12型户内环网金属封闭开关设备适用于三相交流频率 50 Hz、额定电压12kV、额定电流1250A及以下的环网或双辐射式 供电单元和箱式变电站中，作为负荷的控制和保护之用。特别适 用于城区配电站或大楼配电室，以提高环网供电回路的可靠性。
HXGN17-12 indoor ring network metal-enclosed switchgear applies to the  ring  network  or  double  radiation  power  supply  units  and prefabricated substations with a three-phase AC frequency of 50Hz, rated voltage of 12kV and rated current of 1250A or below for load control and protection.It is especially suitable for urban distribution stations or building distribution rooms to improve the reliability of ring network power supply circuits.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆环网柜骨架采用C型钢通过紧固件拼装而成，安装骨架采用金属 钢板弯制而成，安装方便，结构简单。柜体前上半部为仪表门、
继电器室；后上半部为主母线室；中下部为主元件及电缆室。柜体的外壳符合IP2X防护等级的要求。柜体的 相间及相对地空气净距不小于125mm, 有机绝缘爬距不小于20mm/kV;
The framework of the ring main unit is assembled by C-shaped steel with fasteners,and the installation framework is bent from metal steel plates,which is convenient for installation and has a simple structure.The front upper half of the cabinet is composed of the instrument door and relay chamber;the rear upper half is the main busbar chamber;the middle lower part is the main component and cable chamber.The enclosure of the cabinet meets the requirements of the IP2X protection grade.The interphase and phase-to-ground air clearance of the cabinet shall not be less than 125mm,and the organic insulation creepage distance shallnot be less than 20mm/kV;
◆环网柜可以手动或电动操作负荷开关，可以满足就近或远程操作的需要；
The load switch of the ring main unit can be operated manually or electrically,which can meet the needs of nearby or remote operation;
◆环网柜适合电缆及架空进、出线；
The ring main unit is suitable for cables and overhead incoming and outgoing lines;
◆环网柜具有完善、可靠的机械联锁装置，可以保证如下功能：
The ring main unit has a perfect and reliable mechanical interlocking device,which can ensure the following functions:
a)  负荷开关处于合闸时，接地开关不能合闸，反之亦然；
a)When the load switch is closed,the grounding switch cannot be closed,and vice versa;
b)   负荷开关分闸后，接地开关才能合闸；接地开关合闸后，柜门才能打开；
b)The grounding switch can be closed only after the load switch is opened,and the cabinet door can be opened only after the grounding switch is closed;
c)  环网柜前门打开后，负荷开关和接地开关均不能操作；
c)After the front door of the ring main unit is opened,neither the load switch nor the grounding switch can be operated;
d)  环网柜内装组合电器时，当任一相熔断器熔断时，负荷开关应三相自动分闸，不更换熔断器，负荷开关不能 合闸。
d)When the ring main unit is equipped with composite apparatus and any fuse is blown,the load switch shallbe automatically opened in three phases. The load switch cannot be closed without replacing the fuse.
■主要技术参数/Main Technical Parameters
三峡工程项目应用业绩
Application Performance of Three Gorges Dam Project
江苏连能风力应用业绩
Application Performance of Jiangsu Lianneng Wind Power
VCF(HXGN26-12)系列SF6全绝缘全密封共箱式环网开关设备
VCF(HXGN26-12)series SF6fully insulated and fully sealed boxtypering network switchgear
■产品概述/Product Overview
VCF(HXGN26-12)系列SF6全绝缘全密封共箱式环网开关设 备是我公司自行开发设计的新型中压配电产品，该产品使用 在12kV三相交流系统，作为接受和分配电能之用。该产品 采用模块化设计，具有结构紧凑、安全可靠、长寿命、免维 护等特点，有固定式与灵活扩展式两种完美的结合。适合用 于二次变电站、开闭所、工厂企业及大型建筑。
VCF(HXGN26-12)series SF6 fully insulated and fully sealed box- type ring network switchgear is a new medium voltage power distribution product independently developed and designed by our company.The product is used in a 12kV three-phase AC system for receiving and distributing electric energy.    In  a modular design,the product has a compact structure,and long service life and is safe and reliable,maintenance-free,etc.It has a perfect combination of fixed type and flexible expansion type. It  is  suitable  for  secondary  substations,switching  stations, factories and large buildings.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆ 全 天 候All-weather
◇ VCF(HXGN26-12)系列的全密封、全绝缘决定了对环境的适应性：
The full sealing and insulation of the VCF(HXGN26-12)series determine its adaptability to the environment:
◇ VCF(HXGN26-12)系列母线、高压开关的带电活动部件均密封在由不锈钢板焊接而成的SF6气箱内；
Live moving parts of the VCF(HXGN26-12)series busbar and HV switch are sealed in the SF6 air box welded by stainless steel plate;
◇开关的套管和开关轴的轴承均用特殊的密封环，保证气箱气密度；
Special sealing rings are used for the bushing of the switch and bearing of the switch shaft to ensure air tightness of the air box;
◇高压熔丝密封在硅橡胶及环氧树脂组成的密封舱内；
The high-voltage fuse is sealed in a sealed cabin composed of silicone rubber and epoxy resin;
◇电缆密封在电缆附件内；
The cable is sealed in the cable accessory;
◇扩展母线用屏蔽型的硅橡胶密封件密封；
The extended busbar is sealed with shielded silicone rubber seals;
◇电气上的无间隙密封连接使VCF(HXGN26-12)系列能在最恶劣的条件下安全运行，如：地下室、凝露、导 电尘埃、高原气候；
The electrical gapless sealing connection enables the VCF(HXGN26-12)series to operate safely under the worst conditions,such as basement,condensation,conductive dust and plateau climate;
◆免维护性Maintenance-free
高压部分全密封的特征使其免于清扫、加热等工作，大大减少了停电检修时间；
The  high-voltage  part  is  fully  sealed  to  avoid  cleaning,heating  and  other  work,greatly  reducing  the  outage maintenance time;
◆母线及扩展性 Busbar  and  expandability
VCF(HXGN26-12)系列预留未来扩展，在母线电流630A范围内可无限扩展：母线扩展位于柜体顶部，安装方便；
VCF(HXGN26-12)series is reserved for future expansion,which can be infinitely expanded within the range of busbar current of 630A;the busbar extension is located at the top of the cabinet and is convenient to install;
◆安全性Safety
安全可靠始终是本产品的重要特征之一，针对可能产生的故障电弧，本产品均有相应的措施，以保证人身安全：
Safety and reliability are always one of the important characteristics of this product.For possible arc fault,this product has corresponding measures to ensure personal safety:
◇气箱内部防电弧故障设计；
Design for internal arc fault protection in the air box;
◇ 电缆室和熔丝室的钢板护盖具有可靠的抗压加强型设计；
The steel plate cover of the cable chamber and fuse chamber has features of reliable compression resistance and reinforcement;
◇电缆室和熔丝室均可选用具有耐电弧性能的间隔室；
Arc-resistant compartments can be selected for both the cable chamber and fuse chamber;
◇万 一发生电弧故障，SF6 气箱底部的防爆膜能起到保障作用；
In case of arc fault,the explosion-proof membrane at the bottom of the SF6 air box can provide protection;
◇ 完善的联锁互锁系统；
Perfect interlocking system;
◆易操作性 Maneuverability
◇操作机构与VCF(HXGN26-12)气箱一体化，操作位置(1.3米)适合人体高度快分快合的操作机构；除K 单
元外，熔丝单元及断路器单元均带弹簧储能结构，独立于人体的操作速度；
The operating mechanism is integrated with the VCF(HXGN26-12)air box,and the operating position (1.3m)is suitable for the operating mechanism of human height and quick opening and closing.Except for unit K,both fuse  units  and  circuit  breaker  units  are  equipped  with  spring  energy  storage  structures,allowing  for  an independent operating speed without human intervention;
◇ 任何功能模块可加装电动操作。
Any functional module can be equipped with electric operation.
■主要技术参数/Main Technical Parameters
SIVACON 8PT型低压成套开关设备
SIVACON8PTlowvoltage complete switchgear
■产品概述/Product Overview
适用于三相交流50Hz/60Hz、额定电压至690V、额定电流6300A及以下 的三相四线或三相五线制电力系统，作为动力、照明、配电和电动机控 制中心、无功补偿等的电能转换、分配、控制、保护和检测之用，广泛 应用于发电厂、变电所、石油化工、冶金轧钢、轻工纺织及厂矿企业和 高层建筑等场所。产品通过国家强制性产品认证 ( CCC认 证 ) , 符 合 GB7251.1和JB/T9661标准，并经过长期的试运行考核。
It is suitable for a three-phase four-wire or three-phase five-wire power  system with three-phase AC at 50Hz/60HZ,rated voltage up to 690V and  rated  current  of 6300A  or  below,used  in  power,lighting,distribution  and  motor  control  center,and  reactive  compensation  for  the  conversion,  distribution,control,protection and detection of electric energy.It is widely  used  in  power  plants,substations,the  petrochemical  industry,metallurgy  and   steel   rolling,light    industrial   textile,factories   and   mines,high-rise  buildings and other places.The product has passed the China Compulsory  Certification(CCC   certification),conforms   to   GB7251.1   and   JB/T9661 standards,and has undergone long-term trial operation assessment.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆结构紧凑：以较小的空间安装较多的功能单元，有8种模数高度的标准设计(100、150、200、300、400、
500、600、700mm),    抽出单元的位置清晰可见；
Compact structure:More functional units are installed in a smaller space,with standard designs available in 8 modulus heights(100,150,200,300,400,500,600 and 700mm),and the positions of the withdrawable units are clearly visible;
◆通用性：骨架带有模数为25mm 的孔，可供各种用途扩展，柜体即可采用固定安装式设计，也可采用抽出式 设计，即可单面安装，也可背靠背安装；
Versatility:The frame has holes with a modulus of 25mm,which can be expanded for various purposes.The cabinet body can adopt a fixed installation design or a withdrawable design, i.e.s ingle-side installation and back-to-back installation;
◆灵活性：单柜安装时，门的开启角度可至180°,成排安装时为140°,门体机动灵活，能满足各种要求；
Flexibility:When a single cabinet is installed,the door can open to 180°and when it is installed in rows,the angle can reach 140°.The door is flexible and can meet various requirements;
◆ 安全性：单个抽屉故障时不会影响相邻的抽出组件， 弹簧门锁能可靠的防止意外门的弹开，保障人身安全；
Safety:The failure of a single drawer will not affect the adjacent withdrawable components,and the spring door lock can reliably prevent the accidental door from popping open to ensure personal safety;
◆可靠性： 一次出线为小铜排和一次接插头连接，更可靠；
Reliability:The outgoing connection employs a small copper busbar and a plug connector,which is more reliable;
◆易用性：安装使用方便，不需特殊复杂工具。
Ease of use:It is easy to install and use without special and complicated tools.
■ 主要技术参数/Main Technical Parameters
BLOKSET型低压成套开关设备
BLOKSET lowvoltage complete switchgear
■产品概述/Product Overview
适用于三相交流50Hz/60Hz、额定电压至690V、额 定 电流6300A及以下的三相四线或三相五线制电力系 统，作为动力、照明、配电和电动机控制中心、无功 补偿等的电能转换、分配、控制、保护和检测之用， 广泛应用于发电厂、变电所、石油化工、冶金轧钢、 轻工纺织及厂矿企业和高层建筑等场所。产品通过国 家强制性产品认证 ( CCC认 证 ) , 符 合GB7251.1和 JB/T9661 标准，并经过长期的试运行考核。
It is suitable for three-phase four-wire or three-phase five-wire power system with three-phase AC 50 Hz/60 HZ,rated voltage up to 690 V and rated current of 6,300 A or below.For use of conversion,distribution,control, protection  and  detection  of  power  such  as  power,
lighting,distribution and motor control center,reactive compensation,it is widely used in power plants,substations, petrochemical industry,metallurgy,steel rolling,light industry textiles,factories,high-rise buildings and other places. The product has passed the China Compulsory Certification (CCC certification),conforms to GB7251.1 and JB/T9661 standards,and has undergone long-term trial operation assessment.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆功能齐全：专门针对不同的应用而设计的柜型： D型配电柜、 Dc型电容补偿柜、 Mf 型固定式马达控制中心、
Mx、Mw 型抽屉式马达控制中心、 Ms变频器和软启动器柜；
Complete functions:cabinet types specially designed for different applications:D-type power distribution cabinet, Dc-type capacitance compensation cabinet,M-type fixed  motor  control  center,Mx  and  MW  drawer-type  motor control centers,Ms frequency converter and soft starter cabinet;
◆通用性：骨架带有模数为25mm 的孔，可供各种用途扩展，柜体即可采用固定安装式设计，也可采用抽出式 设计，即可单面安装，也可背靠背安装；
Versatility:The frame has holes with a modulus of 25mm,which can be expanded for various purposes.The cabinet body can adopt a fixed installation design or a withdrawable design,i.e.single-side installation and back-to-back installation;
◆模块化： BLOKSET开关柜由标准化预制元件组成，具有灵活性、快速制造、便于修改和功能扩展等优点；
Modularization:The BLOKSET switchgear is composed of standardized prefabricated elements and has the advantages of flexibility,rapid manufacturing,easy modification and functional expansion;
◆灵活性：主母线方式灵活，可以是单母线或双母线，并可置于柜顶部、中部或底部；
Flexibility:The main busbar is flexible,and can be single-busbar or double-busbar.It can be placed at the top, middle or bottom of the cabinet;
◆安全性：在试验位置和抽出位置不损失IP防护等级；
Safety:No loss of IP protection grade at the test position and withdrawal position;
◆易用性：安装使用方便，不需特殊复杂工具。
Ease of use:It is easy to installand use without special and complicated tools.
■ 主要技术参数/ Main Technical Parameters
MNS2.0型低压成套开关设备
MNS2.0 lowvoltage complete switchgear
■ 产品概述
本产品适用于三相交流50Hz/60Hz、额定电压至690V、额定电流6300A及 以下的三相四线或三相五线制电力系统，作为动力、照明、配电和电动机 控制中心、无功补偿等的电能转换、分配、控制、保护和检测之用，广泛 应用于发电厂、变电所、石油化工、冶金轧钢、轻工纺织及厂矿企业和高 层建筑等场所。产品通过国家强制性产品认证 ( CCC认 证 ) , 符 合 GB7251.1和JB/T9661标准，并经过长期的试运行考核。
This product is suitable for three-phase four-wire or three-phase five-wire power system with three-phase AC 50 Hz/60 Hz,rated voltage up to 690 V and rated current of 6300 A or below.For use of conversion,distribution,control, protection and detection of power such as power,lighting,distribution,motor control center and eactive compensation,it is widely used in power plants, substations,petrochemical industry,metallurgy,steel rolling,light industry textiles,factories,high-rise buildings and other places.The product has passed
the China Compulsory Certification(CCC certification),conforms to GB7251.1 and JB/T9661 standards,and has undergone long-term trial operation assessment.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆结构紧凑：以较小的空间安装较多的功能单元，七种抽屉可以在一个柜体中做单一组装，也可以混合组装；
Compact structure:More functional units are installed in a smaller space,and seven drawers can be assembled individually or mixed in one cabinet;
◆零部件通用性强、组装灵活：以25mm 为模数的C型材及自制模数化零部件紧固连接而成，能满足各种结构形
式、防护等级及使用环境的需要，且避免了焊接变形；
Strong universality and flexible assembly of parts:It is formed by fastening and connecting C profiles with 25mm as the modulus and self-made modular parts,which can meet the needs of various structural forms,protection levels and service environments,and avoid welding deformation;
◆采用标准模块设计：分别可组成不同方案的柜架结构和抽屉单元；
Standard module design:Cabinet frame structures and drawer units of different schemes can be formed respectively;
◆安全性：大量采用高强度阻燃性工程塑料组件，有效加强防护安装性能；
Safety:A large number of high-strength flame retardant engineering plastic components are used to effectively strengthen the protection and installation performance;
◆易用性：安装使用方便，不需特殊复杂工具。
Ease of use:It is easy to install and use without special and complicated tools.
■ 主要技术参数
福建能化集团氯碱片区搬迁项目
Chlor-alkali area relocation project of
Fujian Energy Petrochemical Group Co.,Ltd.
FUZHOU TIANYU ELECTRIC
TIANYU ELECTRIC
GCK(L)型低压成套开关设备
Ease of use:It is easy to install and use without special and complicated tools.
TIANYU ELECTRIC
GCS型低压成套开关设备
TIANYU ELECTRIC
main busbar on site;
◆柜体的防护等级为IP30,  也可根据用户的要求在IP20-IP40 之间选择。
The protection grade of the cabinet is IP30,or between IP20 and IP40 according to user's requirements.
■产品概述/Product Overview
◆采用黄金分割比的方法设计柜体外形和各部分的分割尺寸，使整柜美观大方，面目一新；
The cabinet appearance and division dimensions of each part are designed with the golden ratio method,so that the whole cabinet is beautiful and elegant with a new look;
◆柜体的顶盖在需要时可拆除，便于现场主母线的装配和调整；
The top cover of the cabinet can be removed when necessary,so as to facilitate the assembly and adjustment of the
天宇电气
TIANYU ELECTRIC
XL-21型动力配电柜
XL-21power distribution cabinet
■产品概述/Product Overview
XL-21型动力配电柜(以下简称动力柜)适用于发电厂、变电所、工矿 企业、公路隧道等电力用户。作为交流50Hz-60Hz、额定工作电压 380 V、额定工作电流至630A、分断能力至15kA的系统中，提供动 力、照明及风机等配电设备电能转换、分配与控制之用。并提供过 载、短路、漏电保护。
XL-21  power  distribution  cabinet(hereinafter  referred  to  as  "power cabinet")is suitable for power users such as power plants,substations, industrial and mining enterprises and highway tunnels.As a system with AC 50Hz-60HZ,rated operating voltage of 380 V,rated operating current up to 630 A and breaking capacity up to 15 kA,it is used for power conversion,distribution and control of power distribution equipment such as power,lighting and fans.Overload,short circuit and leakage protection shall also be provided.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆ 动力柜骨架是由冷轧钢板弯制而成C型钢和G型钢用8.8级六角螺钉紧固互相连接拼装而成， 型钢各侧面有模数 E=25mm 的φ5.3的安装孔，内部安装灵活方便；
The framework of the power cabinet is made of C-shaped steel and G-shaped steel bent from cold-rolled steel plates,which are fastened with Grade 8.8 hexagon screws and assembled together.There are φ5.3 mounting holes with a modulus E=25mm on each side of the section  steel ,making   it  flexible  and convenient for  internal installation.
◆全部柜架及内层隔板均采用镀锌钢板或冷轧钢板作镀锌钝化处理。四周门板、侧板则作油漆涂覆或喷塑；
All cabinet frames and inner partitions are made of galvanized steel plates or cold-rolled steel plates for galvanizing passivation.The surrounding door panels and side plates are painted or sprayed with plastics;
◆柜体的顶盖在需要时可拆除，便于柜顶电缆进线。柜顶的四角装有吊环，用于起吊和安装；
The top cover of the cabinet can be removed when necessary,so as to facilitate the incoming of cables on the top of the cabinet.The four corners of the cabinet top are equipped with lifting rings for hoisting and installation;
◆整个箱体外壳经过酸洗、磷化、喷塑工艺处理，防腐性能好；
The whole box shell is treated by pickling,phosphating and plastic spraying process,with good anti-corrosion performance;
◆柜体采用前开门形式，侧板和后板均焊接。侧边开有散热孔，顶部装有防雨顶盖，顶盖与箱体之间留有空 隙，以便散发内部气体和水分。
The cabinet is provided with a front door,and both the side plates and rear plate are welded.There are heat dissipation holes on the side,and a rain-proof top cover is installed at the top.A gap is reserved between the top cover and the box body to dissipate internal gas and moisture.
FUZHOU TIANYU ELECTRIC
■ 主要技术参数/Main Technical Parameters
福清核电站应用业绩
Application performance of Fuqing Nuclear Power Plant
天宇电气
TIANYU ELECTRIC
FUZHOU TIANYU ELECTRIC
60
ZGS系列组合式变压器(美式箱变)
ZGS series combined transformer(American prefabricated box-type substation)
■产品概述/Product Overview
ZGS系列组合式变压器是将变压器身、高压负荷开 关、熔断器等元件浸在绝缘油中，根据需要配置低 压计量和补偿等。该产品具有体积小、噪音低、供 电可靠、结构合理、安装灵活、操作方便、可深入 负荷中心等特点，广泛适用于采用电缆输电的环网 型或终端型配电系统、新能源光伏/风力发电系统。
ZGS series combined transformer is to immerse the transformer   body,HV   load   switch,fuse   and   other components    in    insulating    oil,and    configure    LV metering and compensation as required.The product is  characterized  by  small  volume,low  noise,reliable power          supply,reasonable          structure,flexible installation,convenient    operation    and    penetration into  the  load  center.It  is  widely  suitable  for  ring network or terminal distribution systems using cable transmission    and    new    energy    PV/wind    power generation systems.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆高压侧设置高压套管、无载调压开关、二位置负荷开关、10kV/35kV 插入式全范围保护熔断器、高压带电显示 器、高压过电压保护器、电磁锁及其它必要的信号、保护元件；
The HV side is provided with HV bushing,no-load tap changer,two-position load switch,10 kV/35 kV plug-in full- range protection fuse,HV live display,HV overvoltage protector,electromagnetic lock and other necessary signal and protective elements;
◆低压侧设置低压套管、低压断路器、低压浪涌保护器、检修照明用干式变压器、不间断电源UPS及其它必要 的信号、保护、计量元件；
The LV side is provided with LV bushing,LV circuit breaker,LV surge protector,dry-type transformer for maintenance lighting,uninterruptible power supply(UPS)and other necessary signal,protection and metering elements;
◆所有元器件均采用国内/外知名的品牌，使箱变整体能通过国标要求的雷电冲击试验、工频耐压试验、感应耐 压试验，确保箱变在长期运行时电气性能的安全。10kV/35kV 插入式全范围保护熔断器经过特殊的改进，避免 箱变运行若干年后熔断器筒内部漏油的故障出现，同时熔断器的熔芯熔断时会发出报警信号；
Allcomponents are of well-known domestic/foreign brands,so that the prefabricated box-type substation can pass the lightning impulse test,power frequency withstand voltage test and induced withstand voltage test required by national standards to ensure the safety of electrical performance during long-term operation.The 10kV/35kV plug- in full-range protection fuse has been specially improved to avoid the fault of oil leakage inside the fuse barrel after
the prefabricated box-type substation operates for several years.At the same time,when the fusible core of the fuse is blown,an alarm signal willbe sent out;
◆当风机/逆变器停止运行，高压二位置负荷开关打开时，低压侧的干式变压器不带电，高压套管无论是否带 电，电磁锁都打不开，需外配的钥匙才能打开，存在安全隐患。为了解决这个难题，我公司为箱变配置了不 间断电源UPS,  使电磁锁始终都有220V的工作电源，高压套管不带电就能打开，避免用户使用中的混乱现 象，保证了用户使用安全。
When the operation of wind turbine/inverter stops and the high-voltage two-position load switch is opened,the dry- type  transformer  on  the  LV  side  is  not  charged.No  matter  whether  the  HV  bushing  is  charged  or  not,the electromagnetic lock cannot be opened and can only be opened with an external key,which poses potential safety  hazards.In  order  to  solve  this   problem,our  company  configures   uninterruptible  power  supply   (UPS)for  the prefabricated box-type substation,so that the electromagnetic lock always has 220 V operating power supply,and
the HV bushing can be opened without electricity,thus avoiding confusion in user use and ensuring the safety of users.
■主要技术参数/Main Technical Parameters
YB-12(40.5)系列预装式变电站
YB-12(40.5)series prefabricated substation
■产品概述/Product Overview
YB系列预装式变电站是公众能接近的户外使用的预装 式变电站，其一次侧额定电压为6、12、35kV, 二 次 侧额定电压为400、690、800、1140V,  变压器最大 容量为6300kVA,  额定工作频率为50Hz。产品可广泛 应用于电力系统、各种公用建筑、高层建筑、体育场 馆、工矿企业、交通车站、新能源光伏和风力发电领 域等，既可作为永久装置也可作为施工工地电源。 YB系列预装式变电站可装6、12、35kV开关柜，置于 户外，可替代土建变电房。
YB series prefabricated substation is a prefabricated substation for outdoor use that can be accessed by the public.Its rated voltage at the primary side is 6,12 and 35kV,its rated voltage at the secondary side is 400,690,
800 and 1140V,the maximum capacity of transformer is 6300kVA,and the rated operating frequency is 50HZ.The products can be widely used in power systems,various public buildings,high-rise buildings,stadiums and gymnasiums, industrial and mining enterprises,traffic stations,new energy PV and wind power generation fields,etc.They can be used as permanent devices or construction site power supplies.YB series prefabricated substation can be equipped  with 6,12 and 35kV switchgear,which are placed outdoors and can replace civil engineering substation.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆箱变整体重量轻，骨架强度高，不易变形；
The overall weight of the box-type substation is light,with high framework strength and not easy to deform;
◆体积小，占地面积小，结构紧凑，便于搬迁；
Smallvolume,small floor area,compact structure,and convenient for relocation;
◆现场安装简单，供电迅速，维修简单，无须专人值守；
Simple on-site installation,fast power supply and simple maintenance without special personnel on duty;
◆箱体采用良好的隔热通风结构，壁板材包裹，外观美观大方，隔热性能良好，且箱体设上下通风装置，箱 体 内可以设强迫风冷装置和温度自动控制装置；
The box body is of a good thermal insulation and ventilation structure,wrapped with wall panels.It has an elegant appearance and good thermal insulation performance.The boxbody is equipped with upper and lower ventilation devices.Forced air cooling device and automatic temperature control device can be set in the box body;
◆各独立单元可装设完善的控制、保护装置和照明系统；
Each independent unit can be equipped with perfect control,protection device and lighting system;
◆变压器室内可设安全隔离网门，网门上有联锁装置，防止误入带电间隔。
The transformer room can be equipped with a safety isolation net door,and there is an interlocking device on the net to prevent accidental entry into live compartments.
■主要性能指标/Main Performance Indicators
◆ 高 压 侧HV side
根据用户要求，高压侧可装设压气式负荷开关、真空负荷开关、SF6负荷开关、真空断路器。
According to the user's requirements,the HV side can be equipped with pneumatic load switch,vacuum load switch,SF6 load switch and vacuum circuit breaker.
◆电力变压器 Power  transformer
10(35)kV低损耗变压器其容量可为：10、20、30、50、63、80、100、125、160、200、250、315、400、 500、630、800、1000、1250、1600、2000、2500、3150、4000、5000、5500、6300kVA,可配置福州天 宇电气股份有限公司的S11、S13、S18、S20、S22、SCB10、SCB13、SCB14、SCB18等系列变压器。
The capacity of 10(35)kV low-loss transformer can be:10,20,30,50,63,80,100,125,160,200,250,315,400,500, 630,800,1000,1250,1600,2000,2500,3150,4000,5000,5500 and 6300kVA.It can be equipped with S11,S13,S18, S20,S22,SCB10,SCB13,SCB14,SCB18 and other series transformers of Fuzhou Tianyu Electric Co.,Ltd.
◆低压侧 LV side
低压主进线开关可以选用CW1、HSW1、MT、E 等抽出式开关或固定式开关。上端加旋转操作型刀开关 HD13BX 系列，低压支路开关可以选用CM1、HSM1、NS、T 等塑壳断路器，依变压器容量可配备相应补偿 容量的无功补偿柜。
The LV main incoming line switch can be CW1,HSW1,MT,E and other withdrawable switches or fixed switches. Rotary operation knife switch HD13BX series is added at the upper end,molded case circuit breakers such as CM1, HSM1,NS and T can be selected for LV branch switches,and reactive power compensation cabinets with corresponding compensation capacity can be equipped according to transformer capacity.
YBH系列华式预装式变电站(华式箱变)
YBH series Chinese prefabricated substation(Chinese box-type substation)
■产品概述/Product Overview
YBH系列光伏、风力发电用预装式变电站也称华式预 装式变电站(简称“华式箱变”)符合GB/T 17467 《高压/低压预装式变电站》。本产品适用于电压等 级为10kV/35kV,  最大容量可达12500kVA。针对新 能源电网的不稳定性和升压变电站的容量等级较高的 特点，高压侧采用开断电流可达31.5kA的真空负荷开 关或真空断路器。
YBH series prefabricated substation for PV and wind power generation is also called Chinese prefabricated substation (hereinafter referred to as "Chinese box- type substation"),which conforms to GB/T17467 High- voltage/Low-voltage  Prefabricated  Substation.This product is suitable for voltage class of 10kV/35kV and
maximum capacity up to 12500kVA.In view of the instability of new energy power grid and the high capacity level of
booster substation,vacuum load switch or vacuum circuit breaker with breaking current up to 31.5kA is adopted at the HV side.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆容量大，占地面积小，安全，可靠，无污染；运维方便安全，恶劣天气无妨，全面隔热防护，自然通风散 热；不用换油加油，免除美变烦恼，系统无需停电，发电不受影响，变压器免暴晒，发电效率更高，油质不 受污染，二十年有保障；相对美变，高压负荷开关脱离油箱，可以任选负荷开关品牌及更换方便，更换熔断
器方便。
Large capacity,small floor area,safe,reliable,and pollution-free;convenient and safe operation and maintenance, unaffected by bad weather,comprehensive thermal insulation protection,natural ventilation and heat dissipation; no need to change or add oil,avoiding the trouble of America box-type substation.The system does not require power outages,the power generation is unaffected,transformers are free from exposure to sunlight,the power generation efficiency is higher,the oil quality remains uncontaminated,and it is guaranteed for 20 years.Compared with the American box-type substation,the HV load switch is separated from the oil tank,allowing for any brand of load switch to be selected and making it easy to replace fuses.
◆低压侧设置低压套管、低压断路器、低压浪涌保护器、检修照明用干式变压器、不间断电源UPS及其它必要 的信号、保护、计量元件。
The LV side is provided with LV bushing,LV circuit breaker,LV surge protector,dry-type transformer for maintenance lighting,uninterruptible power supply(UPS)and other necessary signal,protection and metering elements.
◆所有元器件均采用国内/外知名的品牌，使箱变整体能通过国标要求的雷电冲击试验、工频耐压试验、感应耐 压试验，确保箱变在长期运行时电气性能的安全。
All components are of well-known domestic/foreign brands,so that the prefabricated box-type substation can pass the lightning impulse test,power frequency withstand voltage test and induced withstand voltage test required by national standards to ensure the safety of electrical performance during long-term operation.
◆当风机/逆变器停止运行，高压断路器/负荷开关打开时，低压侧的干式变压器不带电，高压套管无论是否带 电，电磁锁都打不开，需外配的钥匙才能打开，存在安全隐患。为了解决这个难题，我公司为箱变配置了不 间断电源UPS,  使电磁锁始终都有220V的工作电源，高压套管不带电就能打开，避免用户使用中的混乱现 象，保证了用户使用安全。
When the fan/inverter stops running and the HV circuit breaker/load switch is opened,the dry-type transformer at the LV side is not charged,and the HV bushing cannot be opened regardless of whether it is with electromagnetism or not.It can only be opened with an external key,which poses potential safety hazards.In order to solve this problem,our company has configured an intermittent power supply UPS for the box-type substation,so that the electromagnetic lock always has a 220V operating power supply,and the HV bushing can be opened without electricity,thus avoiding chaos in user use and ensuring the safety of users.
■主要技术参数/Main Technical Parameters
大唐向阳风电场二期(600MW)  工程项目
Datang Xiangyang Wind Farm Phasel(600MW)Project
XBZ-2000系列预制舱
XBZ-2000 series prefabricated cabin
■产品概述/Product Overview
XBZ-2000   系列预制舱是实现可预制的模块化、 标准化、集成化的建筑类型产品。根据实际需求模块 化定制，快速、高效、便捷的一次性整体就位或部分 组装件现场集成就位。具有施工周期短、效率高、工 程质量高的特点。可广泛运用于新能源领域：光伏、 风电、储能电站升压站，工业配网变配变站、电网变 配电站领域以及集成化办公、生活、市政建设等提供 一 、二次设备与舱体的高度融合，配套完善辅助设施 等一站式的技术和服务的产品。用于替代传统的土建
设备变电房，生活、办公等建筑。
XBZ-2000 series prefabrication model is a modular,standardized,and integrated type of building product that can be prefabricated.Modular  customization  according  to  actual  needs,fast,efficient,and  convenient  one-time  overall placement or partial assembly on-site integration.It has the characteristics of short construction period,high efficiency and high engineering quality.It can be widely used in the field of new energy:PV,wind power,booster station of energy storage power station,industrial distribution network substation and power grid substation,as well as integrated office, living and municipal construction to provide one-stop technology and service products such as high integration of primary and secondary equipment with cabin body and complete auxiliary facilities.It is used to replace the traditional civil engineering equipment substation,living and office buildings.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆预制舱整体建设采用全预制的模块化建设；可替代传统的土建电房，建站效率高，周期短可集成化生
产；提升一二次设备的运行可靠性及安全性，可迅速供电。
The overall construction of the prefabricated cabin adopts fully prefabricated modular construction.It can replace the traditional civil engineering substation,with high station construction efficiency and short cycle,which can be integrated for production.It improves the operational reliability and safety of primary and secondary equipment and can supply power quickly.
◆体积小，占地面积小，结构紧凑，便于运输搬迁。
Small volume,small floor area,compact structure,and convenient for transportation and relocation.
◆舱体壁板材料及制作工艺可适用于高海拔、高盐雾、高寒、高热、高风沙、台风等恶劣环境。
The material and manufacturing process of the cabin wall panel are applicable to high altitude,high salt spray, extremely cold,high heat,severe sandstorm,typhoon and other harsh environments.
◆ 外观美观大方，防腐、保温、隔热性能良好。
It has an elegant appearance with good anti-corrosion,heat preservation and thermal insulation performance.
◆舱体配有良好的暖通系统，环境监控系统。可长期保持室内恒定的运行温度、湿度，不受外界影响， 保证设备安全运行环境。
The cabin is equipped with a good HVAC system and an environmental monitoring system.Constant indoor operating temperature and humidity can be maintained for a long time without external influence,ensuring the safe operation environment of equipment.
◆舱体内有独立的照明动力系统、消防监控系统、视频监控系统；无须专人值守；可实现后台自动化远 程智能监控。
There are independent lighting power system,fire monitoring system and video monitoring system in the cabin;no special personnel is required to be on duty;background automatic remote intelligent monitoring can be realized.
◆舱内强、弱电线缆采用暗敷形式，设置独立的通道，并配有可拆卸封板；安装简单，便于检修维护， 并保证舱内饰简洁，美观。
The strong and weak current cables in the cabin are laid in a concealed manner,with independent channels and detachable sealing plates.It is easy to install,convenient for maintenance,and ensures that the interior of the cabin is simple and beautiful.
◆舱体内根据需要可设置联锁装置，防止误入带电间隔。设置等电位接地网和防静电设施保证二次设备 不受电磁干扰，设备运行良好。
Interlocking  devices  can  be  set  in  the  cabin  as  equired  to  prevent  accidental  entry  into  live  compartments. Equipotential grounding grid and anti-static facilities shallbe set up to ensure that the secondary equipment is free from electromagnetic interference and the equipment operates well.
■主要性能指标/Main Performance Indicators
◆防护等级：可达到IP55。
Protection grade:up to IP55.
◆抗震烈度达： AG5(9级)。
Seismic intensity:AG59).
◆噪声：小于50db。
Noise:less than 50db.
◆舱体燃烧性能达到A1级(包括外层钢板，保温层及内部岩棉净化层)。
The combustion performance of the cabin reaches A1(including outer steel plate,insulation layer and inner rock wool purification  layer).
◆舱体的外壳防腐性能强、可满足C5高盐雾使用环境。
The shell of the cabin has strong anti-corrosion performance and can be used in C5 high salt spray environment.
◆耐火极限(完整性)可达3h;   耐火极限(隔热性)可达1h。
The fire resistance limit(integrity)can reach 3h;the fire resistance limit(thermal insulation)can reach 1h.
◆ 满足工频耐受电压试验、电击防护和保护电路完整性试验。
Meet the requirements of power frequency withstand voltage test,electric shock protection and protective circuit integrity test.
天宇电气
TIANYU ELECTRIC
FUZHOU TIANYU ELECTRIC
光伏发电升压逆变一体机
PV powergeneration boosterand inverterintegrated machine
■ 产品概述/ProductOverview
光伏发电升压逆变一体机是将直流电转化为交流电并直接升压到并网电压的一种设备，用于光伏发电现场。
逆变一体机集成了高压开关、升压变压器、交直流逆变器、低压单元、二次测控等设备。产品具有结构紧凑、 功能高度集成、安装方便、设备经济可靠等优点，是替代传统光伏现场箱变和逆变器设备的理想设备。
The PV power generation booster and inverter integrated machine is a kind of equipment that converts DC into AC and directly boosts it to the grid-connected voltage.It is used in the PV power generation site.The inverter integrated machine integrates HV switch,booster transformer,AC/DC inverter,LV unit,secondary measurement and control  equipment,etc.The  product  has  the  advantages  of  compact  structure,highly   integrated  functions,convenient installation,economical  and  reliable  equipment,etc.It  is  an  ideal  replacement  for  traditional  PV  field  boxtype substations and inverters.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆结构紧凑，安装方便，现场施工简单： 一体机结构新颖，整体采用目字结构，产品整体布局紧凑，设计简 洁，现场整体吊装，安装方便。逆变器与升压变之间采用铜排连接，设备现场不需要二次施工，只需将逆变
器直流侧电缆及箱变高压侧电缆连接，即可投入运行。
Compact  structure, convenient installation,and simple on-site construction:the  integrated  machine features a novel  design,using  a  eye-shaped  structure;the  overall  product  layout  is  compact,and  the  design  is  simple.It provides convenient on-site hoisting and installation.The inverter and the booster transformer are connected by copper bars,so there is no need for secondary construction on the equipment site.It can be put into operation only by connecting the DC side cable of the inverter with the HV side cable of the box-type substation.
美式户外型光伏升压逆变一体机
American outdoorPVboosterand inverterintegrated machines
35 kV华式户外型光伏升压逆变一体机
35kV Chinese outdoor PVboosterand inverter integrated machines
◆整机密封可靠，散热性能好，耐候性强： 一体机箱体防护等级最高可达到IP54;  一体机箱体材质有钢板、聚氨 酯复合板、GRC等多种形式，可根据实际需要选用。金属外露元件采用目前国内先进的防腐工艺，经酸洗、磷 化处理后涂防锈底漆、喷涂多道面漆，具备长期户外使用条件，防腐、防水、防紫外线等性能优越，使用寿命 长，确保30年不锈蚀。
The whole machine is sealed reliably,with good heat dissipation performance and strong weather resistance:the protection grade of the integrated machine box can reach up to IP54;the materials of the integrated machine box include steel plate,polyurethane composite board,GRC and other forms,which can be selected according to actual needs.Exposed metal components adopt the current advanced domestic anti-corrosion process.After acid pickling and phosphating treatment,they are coated with antirust primer and multiple finishing coats.These components are well- suited for  long-term  outdoor  use,with  superior anti-isolation,waterproof,and  ultraviolet-resistant  properties,long service life and no corrosion for 30 years.
◆产品保护完全，自动化程度高： 一体机高压侧采用单独的高压开关设备对变压器进行保护，选用了新型的高压 负荷开关组合电器或高压断路器组合电器产品，在高压进线侧增加进线隔离，实现单台箱变的停电，检修方 便。交流柜内配置智能测控装置，实现对箱变及逆变器进行远程遥控，并将汇流箱的RS485信号集中上传至后 台，在现场起到通讯中枢的作用，产品具有多种通讯口(标准RS232/RS485、以太网或无线网、光纤等),整 机通讯能力强，自动化程度高。
Complete product protection and high degree of automation:a separate HV switchgear is adopted at the HV side of the integrated machine to protect the transformer.New HV load switch composite apparatus or HV circuit breaker composite apparatus products are selected,and incoming line isolation is added at the HV incoming line side to realize power outage of a single box-type substation and facilitate maintenance.The AC cabinet is equipped with an intelligent measurement and control device to realize remote control of box-type substations and inverters,and upload the RS485 signals of combiner boxes to the background in a centralized manner,playing the role of communication center on site. The product has various communication ports (standard RS232/RS485,Ethernet or wireless network,optical fiber,etc.), and the whole machine has strong communication capability and high degree of automation.
◆种类齐全Complete variety
①按变压器电压等级分有10kV逆变一体机、35kV逆变一体机。
According to the voltage class of transformer,there are 10kV inverter integrated machine and 35kV inverter integrated machine.
②按变压器类型分有欧式逆变一体机、油浸式逆变一体机。
According to the type of transformer,there are European inverter integrated machine and oil-immersed inverter integrated machine.
③按逆变器结构形式分有户内一体机、户外一体机。
According to the structural form of inverter,there are indoor integrated machine and outdoor integrated machine.
④按结构形式分有普通型一体机、集装箱式一体机。
According to the structural form,there are ordinary integrated machine and container-type integrated machine.
◆逆变器优势Advantages of inverter
① 效率高：三电平拓扑、效率高、输出THD低、智能温控散热；
High efficiency:three-level topology,high efficiency,low output THD and intelligent temperature control heat dissipation;
②组网灵活：变流器支持多机并联，连接升压变压器支持双绕组，可减少设备投资；
Flexible  networking:the  converter  supports  multi-machine  parallel  connection,and  the  connecting  booster transformer enables dual windings,which can reduce equipment investment;
③转换效率高：最大转换效率>99%,智能温控散热、效率高。
High conversion efficiency:the maximum conversion efficiency >99%,intelligent temperature control and heat dissipation and high efficiency.
④可靠性强：三电平拓扑、谐波含量低、抗干扰力强。
Strong reliability:three-level topology,low harmonic content and strong anti-interference capability.
⑤电网友好：具备SVG功能、高/低电压穿越功能、有功/无功调度。
Grid friendliness:It is equipped with SVG function,high/low voltage ride-through capability,and active/reactive power dispatching.
⑥运维成本低：模块化设计、布局合理、维护方便。
Low O&M cost:It has modular design,reasonable layout,and easy maintenance.
■主要参数/Main parameters
① 逆变器产品规格：1000V集中式
Product specification ofinverter:1000Vcentralized
500kW/630kW
技术特点Technical features
◇ 效率高：三电平拓扑、效率高、输出THD低、智能温控散热。
Highefficiency:It has three-level topology,high efficiency,low THDoutput and intelligent temperature controlheat dissipation.
◇组网灵活：变流器支持多机并联，连接升压变压器支持双绕组，可减少设备投资。
Flexible networking:The converter supports multi-machine parallelconnection,and the connectingboostertransformer enables  dual  windings,reducingequipmentinvestment.
◇ 电网友好：具备SVG功能、高/低电压穿越功能、有功/无功调度。
Grid friendliness:It is equipped with SVG function,high/lowvoltage ride-through capability,and active/reactive power dispatching.
◇ 运维成本低：模块化设计、布局合理、维护方便。
LowO&M cost:Ithas modulardesign,reasonablelayout,and easy maintenance.
◇转换效率高：最大转换效率>99%,智能温控散热、效率高。
High conversionefficiency:The maximum conversion efficiency is over99%,with intelligent temperature controland high heat dissipationefficiency.
◇可靠性强：三电平拓扑、谐波含量低、抗干扰力强。
Strong  reliability:It has three-level topology,low harmonic content and stronganti-interference capability.
◇电网友好：具备SVG功能、高/低电压穿越功能、有功/无功调度。
Grid friendliness:Itisequipped with SVG function,high/lowvoltageride-through capability,and active/reactive powerdispatching.
◇ 运维成本低：模块化设计、布局合理、维护方便。
Low O&M cost:It has modular design,reasonablelayout,and easy maintenance.
◇适用性强：可适配华为、阳光电源、上能电气、厦门科华等厂家逆变器。
Strongapplicability:Itis compatible with inverters from manufacturerssuch as Huawei,Sungrow,Sineng Electric,and Xiamen Kempur MicroelectronicsInc.
②逆变器产品规格：1500V集中式
Productspecification of inverter:1500Vcentralized 3125 kW逆变器
3125 kW inverter
MW级升压一体机
MW booster integrated machine
技术特点Technical features
◇转换效率高：最大转换效率>99%,智能温控散热、效率高。
Highconversionefficiency:The maximum conversion efficiencyis over99%,with intelligenttemperature controlandhigh heat dissipation efficiency.
◇可靠性强：三电平拓扑、谐波含量低、抗干扰力强。
Strong  reliability:Ithas three-level topology,low harmonic contentand strong anti-interference capability.
◇电网友好：具备SVG功能、高/低电压穿越功能、有功/无功调度。
Grid friendliness:Itis equipped with SVG function,high/lowvoltage ride-through capability,and active/reactive power dispatching.
◇ 运维成本低：模块化设计、布局合理、维护方便。
LowO&M cost:It has modulardesign,reasonablelayout,and easymaintenance.
◇适用性强：可适配华为、阳光电源、上能电气、厦门科华等厂家逆变器。
Strongapplicability:Itis compatiblewith inverters from manufacturers such as Huawei,Sungrow, Sineng Electric,and Xiamen Kempur MicroelectronicsInc.
储能升压变流舱
Energy storage booster converter cabin
■产品概述/Product Overview
储能升压变流舱，简称PCS升压舱，又称变流升压舱、储能升压变流一体舱，是指一种集储能、变流、升压   功能为一体的电力装置。储能升压变流舱主要由变压器、升压变流器、控制器、储能设备等部分构成，工作原理  为将储存的能量经过升压变流技术转化为高压直流电，经过逆变器转化为交流电，最终输出到用电设备中的过程。
The energy storage booster converter,referred to as PCS(Power Conversion System)booster cabin,also known as the converter and booster cabin or energy storage booster and converter integrated cabin,is an electrical device that integrates energy storage,conversion,and voltage boosting functions.The PCS booster cabin mainly consists of transformers,booster converters,controllers,energy storage equipment etc.As for the working principle,the energy stored is converted into HV DC through boosting and converting technology,then converted into alternating current through inverters,and finally output to electrical equipment.
储能升压变流舱是储能技术与升压、变流技术的结合装置，具有电能储存、电能转换、电能升压、调峰削峰、 稳定电压、应急备用电源等功能，可有效减少能源消耗、提高电网稳定可靠性，在长距离输电、电网峰谷调峰、 分布式能源接入、跨越电网间电能互联等场景应用广泛，具体应用领域包括新能源发电、变电站、电动车充电桩、 微电网系统、电力工业等。
The PCS booster cabin is an integrated device that combines energy storage technology with voltage boosting and power conversion technologies.It has functions such as electrical energy storage,energy conversion,voltage boosting,peakk shaving and load leveling for stable voltage,and emergency backup power supply.It can effectively reduce energy consumption and make power grids more stable and reliable.It is widely used in scenarios such as long-distance power transmission,peak and valley load balancing of the power grid,distributed energy access,and interconnection of electricity across power grids.The specific application fields include new energy power generation,substations,electric vehicle charging piles,microgrid systems,and the power industry.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆高效节能：具有高度集成的设计，可以实现能量的快速储存和释放，大大提高了电能利用率；并且可以通过
智能控制技术对电网的运行进行优化，进一步提高能源利用效率。
Efficient and energy-saving: With highly integrated design,it can realize rapid storage and release of energy, greatly improving the utilization rate of electric energy.In addition,the operation of the power grid can be optimized through intelligent control technology to further improve the efficiency of energy utilization.
◆灵活性高：可以根据实际需求进行调节和控制，具有很高的灵活性。结构设计合理，防护性能优良，可以在 各种恶劣环境下稳定工作。
High flexibility: It can be adjusted and controlled based on specific needs,possessing a high degree of flexibility. With reasonable structural design and excellent protection performance,it can work stably in various harsh environments.
◆容量大：单套设备功率大，规格齐全，覆盖2MW~6MW等不同容量需求。
Large capacity:A single set of equipment has large power and complete specifications,covering different capacity requirements such as 2MW~6MW.
◆安全可靠：升压舱与电池系统相互独立，降低整个系统安全风险的同时，减少投资费用。
Safety and reliability:The booster cabin is independent of the battery system,which reduces the safety risk of the whole system while reducing investment costs.
◆ 方案多样：高压侧、 变压器、容量方案可以根据实际需求进行组合。
Various schemes: HV side,transformer and capacity schemes can  be combined according to actual needs.
集中式储能升压舱(配油变)
Centralized energy storage booster cabin
(with oil-immersed transformer)
集中式储能升压舱(配干变)
Centralized energy storage booster cabin(with dry transformer)
■ 运用场景/Applications
发电
Powergeneration
工商业储能居民/小型商业储能
Energy storage        Energy storage for
Enegii wendfilluse      rilllel
FUZHOU TIANYU ELECTRIC
中压元件
Medium Voltage Components
VB5-12真空固封断路器
VB5-12 vacuum sealed circuit breaker
■产品概述/Product Overview
VB5断路器是自主创新设计的，具有国际先进水平， 高可靠、高直流分量。 VB5断路器广泛应用于电厂、 电网、冶金石化及基础设施如铁路、高速公路、机场 等项目。 VB5断路器既符合IEC标准，同时也完全满 足中国国家标准、行业标准、国网标准的要求。
VB5 circuit  breaker is  independently  innovative and designed,with    international    advanced    level,high reliability and high DC component.It is widely used in power        plants,power        grids,metallurgy        and petrochemical  industries  and  infrastructure  projects  such as railways,expressways and airports.The VB5  circuit breaker complies with IEC standards and also  fully   meets   the   requirements   of   China's   national standards,industry standards,and State Grid standards.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆在不更换一个零件及不加润滑的情况下通过30000次机械寿命试验；
Passed the mechanical life test of 30,000 cycles without replacing a single part or applying any lubrication.
◆额定电流高达4000A;
The rated current is up to 4000 A;
◆断口承受耐压高，可达到49kV;
High withstand voltage of fracture,up to 49kV;
◆ 高直流分量、高关合能力，额定短路开断电流31.5 kA及以下的直流分量达75%,额定短路开断电流40kA的 直
流分量达60%;
High DC component and high breaking capacity,with a DC component of up to 75%for the rated short-circuit breaking current of 31.5 kA and below,and a DC component of up to 60%for the rated short-circuit breaking current of 40 kA.
◆通过级污秽试验；
Passed level of the contamination test.
◆被中国国家重点工程项目和大型企业大量选用，如北京奥运场馆、三峡工程、上海世博会、齐鲁石化等。
It is widely used by China's national key projects and large enterprises,such as Beijing Olympic venues,Three Gorges Project,Shanghai World Expo,Qilu Petrochemical.
■ 主 要 技 术 参 数 /Main Technical Parameters
ZN21-12 户内高压真空断路器
ZN21-12 indoorhigh voltage vacuum circuit breaker
■产品概述/Product Overview
ZN21 断路器源自比利时林堡省胡塔伦-赤赫尔赫特伦， 具有国际先进水平的最新科技。 ZN21断路器广泛应 用于电厂、电网、冶金石化及基础设施如铁路、高 速公路、机场等项目。 ZN21断路器既符合IEC标准， 同时也完全满足中国国家标准、行业标准的要求。
The ZN21 circuit breaker is the latest technology with an internationally advanced level from Houthalen- Helchteren in Limburg Province,Belgium.It is widely  used  in  power  plants,power  grids,metallurgy  and petrochemical industries and infrastructure projects such as railways,expressways and airports.The ZN21 circuit breaker conforms to IEC standards,and also fully  meets  the  requirements  of  China's  national standards and industry standards
■ 主要特点
◆ ZN21全系列断路器除了在国家高压电器质量监督检验中心通过整套型式试验外，还成功地完成了严酷条件下
特殊要求的型式试验；
The ZN21 series of circuit breakers has not only passed the complete type test at the China National High Voltage Appliance Quality Supervision and Inspection Center,but has also successfully completed type tests with special requirements under harsh conditions;
◆ ZN21 断路器为E2-C2-M2级断路器，有超过3万台设备在电网安全运行十多年的经验；
ZN21 circuit breaker is E2-C2-M2 circuit breaker,with more than ten years of experience in safe operation of more than 30,000 sets of equipment in the power grid;
◆高直流分量、高关合能力，额定短路开断电流31.5kA及以下的直流分量达75%,40kA及以上的直流分量达 60%;
High DC component and high making capacity,with a DC component of 75%for the rated short-circuit breaking current up to and including 31.5 kA,and a DC component of 60%for currents above 40kA;
◆额定绝缘水平：断口1min 工频耐受电压49kV、雷电冲击耐受电压95kV;
Rated insulation level:1 min power frequency withstand voltage at fracture is 49kV,lightning impulse withstand voltage is 95kV;
◆ 高 效 率 的CRR1000弹簧操动机构，寿命高达50000次，确保ZN21真空断路器寿命期内免维护，可靠性极高
(CRR1000操动机构转动部位采用德国INA 轴承、无油自润滑轴承等，使机构运转顺畅，噪音比较小);
The high-efficiency CRR1000 spring operating mechanism has a lifespan of up to 50,000 operations,ensuring that
the ZN21 vacuum circuit breaker is maintenance-free and highly reliable during its service life (Germany INA bearings,oil-free self-lubricating bearings,etc.are used for the rotating parts of CRR1000 operating mechanism,so that the mechanism runs smoothly with relatively low noise);
◆专业设计的不饱和树脂绝缘罩带来更加优越的绝缘性能；
Professionally designed unsaturated resin insulation cover brings more superior insulation performance;
◆国内唯一的带有触头磨损指示的断路器，实现对断路器运行状态的有效监控；
The unique circuit breaker with a contact wear indicator in China allows for effective monitoring of the breaker's operating status;
◆ 大 电 流ZN21真空断路器动端与出线臂间采用滚动连接，减小运动阻力且接触电阻也小。
The high-current ZN21 vacuum circuit breaker uses a rolling connection between the moving contact and the outgoing line arm,which reduces motion resistance and also has a low contact resistance.
■主要技术参数/Main TechnicalParameters
天宇电气
TIANYU ELECTRIC
ZN91-40.5 户内高压真空断路器
ZN91-40.5indoorhigh voltage vacuum circuit breaker
■产品概述/Product Overview
ZN91-40.5 户内高压真空断路器是35kV、三相交流50Hz电力系 统中的户内装置，适用于工矿企业、发电厂、变电站等场所，用 于高压发动机、变压器、电容器、炼钢炉等装置的控制及保护。
ZN91-40.5 indoor HV vacuum circuit breaker is an indoor device for 35kV,three-phase AC 50Hz power system.It is suitable for use in industrial   and   mining   enterprises,power    plants,substations,and other  locations  for  the  control  and  protection  of  HV  motors, transformers,capacitors,steel furnaces,and other devices.
■主要特点/Main Features
◆本断路器最突出优点是可靠性高和能适用于特别频繁操作；
The most prominent advantages of this circuit breaker are its high reliability and its adaptability to particularly frequent operations;
◆可适用于电弧炼钢、切电容器等需频繁操作的装置，作控制和保
护之用；
It can be applied to devices requiring frequent operation such as electric arc steel-making and capacitor cutting for control and protection;
◆本断路器在结构设计、零部件选材、表面处理和工艺等方面均采取有效的措施：
Effective measures are taken in terms of structural design,material selection for components,surface treatment, and manufacturing processes of the circuit breaker:
◇ 采用操动机构与断路器一体化结构；
It adopts an integrated structure of operating mechanism and circuit breaker;
◇ 关键转动部位采用优质德国INA轴承；
Its key rotating parts are equipped with high-quality German INA bearings;
◇选用进口优质润滑脂；
It uses imported high-quality lubricating grease;
◇选用高强度合金紧固件，并经进口专用工具拧紧，严防紧固件松动；
High-strength alloy fasteners are selected and tightened with imported special tools to prevent any loosening of the fasteners.
◆ 轴销零件选用优质合金钢并经先进的表面处理工艺而成，使得零件更耐磨；
The shaft pin parts are made of high-quality alloy steel with advanced surface treatment process,making the parts more wear-resistant;
◆符合GB1984、DL/T402、IEC62271-100及IEC60694等标准的规定。 It complies with GB1984,DL/T402,TEC62271-100 and IEC60694
FUZHOU TIANYU ELECTRIC
■ 主 要 技 术 参 数 /Main Technical Parameters

[TABLE 1]
1958 | 福州第一 、二开关厂， 福州变压器厂成立 | Fuzhou No.1 and No.2 Switch Factory and Fuzhou Electronic Transformer    Factory were established || 1996 | 福一开、二开和变压器 | 厂重组成立“天宇电气” "Tianyu Electric"was established    through the reorganization of    Fuzhou No.1 and No.2 Switch    Factory and Fuzhou Electronic    Transformer Factory || 1997 | “天宇电气”在深交所 挂牌上市 | "Tianyu Electric"was listed  on Shenzhen Stock Exchange || 2001 | 天宇电气加入 许继集团 | Tianyu Electric joined  XJ Group Corporation

[TABLE 2]
变压器设备 | Transformer Equipment || 01
220kV级及其以下电压等级节能型油浸式电力变压器 | Energy-savingoil-immersedpowertransformerwith voltagelevelof 220kVand below || 03
35kV以下SC(B)10~18型环氧树脂浇注干式变压器 | SC(B)10~18epoxy resin cast dry-type transformerbelow 35kV || 07
ZBS、ZBSCB系列整流变压器 | ZBSand ZBSCB series rectifiertransformers || 10
SC(B)14、18干式节能变压器 | SC(B)14,18dry-type energy-savingtransformers || 12
SC(B)17、19干式非晶合金节能变压器(三相三柱式) | SC(B)17,19dry-type amorphousalloy energy-saving transformers(three-phase and thre-limbtype) || 14
S20型油浸式节能变压器 | S20oil-immersedenergy-savingtransformer || 16
SZ20型有载油浸节能变压器 | SZ20 on-load oil-immersedenergy-savingtransformer || 18
油浸式分裂变压器 | Oil-immersed split transformer || 20
油浸式24脉波移相整流变压器 | 0il-immersed24-pulse phase-shifting rectifiertransformer || 22
中压成套设备 | Medium voltage complete equipment || 23
KYN72-40.5铠装移开式金属封闭开关设备 | KYN72-40.5armored removable metalenclosedswitchgear || 25
KYN31-24铠装移开式金属封闭开关设备 | KYN31-24armored removablemetalenclosed switchgear || 27
KYN31-12铠装移开式金属封闭开关设备 | KYN31-12armored removablemetalenclosed switchgear || 29
XGN82-12(40.5)型充气式金属封闭开关设备 | XGN82-12(40.5)gas-insulated metalenclosedswitchgear || 31
HXGN26-40.5(F、Z)型海上风电专用气体绝缘金属封闭开关设备 | HXGN26-40.5(F,Z)specialgas-insulated metalenclosedswitchgearforoffshore windpower || 33
HXGN26-40.5型环网交流金属封闭开关设备 | HXGN26-40.5ring networkalternating-current metal enclosed switchgear || 35
HXGN17-12型户内环网交流金属封闭开关设备 | HXGN17-12indoorring networkalternating-current metalenclosedswitchgear || 37
VCF(HXGN26-12)系列SF6全绝缘全密封共箱式环网开关设备 | VCF(HXGN26-12)series SF6fully insulated andfully sealed boxtype ring networkswitchgear || 40

[TABLE 3]
项目 Item || 项目 Item || 参数 | Parameter
相数 || Number of phases || 3相/three-phase
额定频率 || Rated frequency || 50Hz
额定电压 || Rated voltage || 110±8×1.25%/10.5kV
联结组别 || Vector group || YNd11
冷却方式 || Cooling method || ONAN
使用条件 || Service conditions || 户外/outdoor
负载损耗 || Load loss || 175000W
空载损耗 || No-load loss || 21000W
阻抗电压 || Impedance voltage || 10.5%
绝缘水平 || Insulation level || LI480AC200-L1325AC140/L175AC35

[TABLE 4]
项 目 | Item || 项 目 | Item || 参数 | Parameter
频率 || Frequency || 50Hz、60Hz
相数 || Number of phases || 3相/three-phase
联结组别 || Vector group || Dyn11、Yyn0、Yd11
绝缘系统温度 || Insulation system temperature || F级及以上/Class F and above
额定电压 || Rated voltage || 35、20、10/0.4、0.69、0.8
分接范围 || Tapping range || ±2×2.5%、±5%、±3×2.5%、±4×2.5%
调压方式 || Voltage regulation method || 无励磁调压/有载调压 | Non-excitation voltage regulation/on-load voltage regulation
短路阻抗 || Short-circuit impedance || 4%,6%,8%,10%
绝缘水平 || Insulation level || 国标/National standard

[TABLE 5]
项 目 Item || 项 目 Item || 参数 | Parameter
额定容量 || Rated capacity || 8000/4000/4000kVA
额定电压 || Rated voltage || 10/0.66/0.66kV
额定电流 || Rated current || 461.9/3499A
联结组标号 || Vector group designation || Dy11d0
冷却方式 || Cooling method || ONAN
相数 || Number of phases || three-phase
频率 || Frequency || 50Hz

[TABLE 6]
额定 | 容量 | Rated | capacity | (kVA) || 电压组合 | Voltage combination || 电压组合 | Voltage combination || 电压组合 | Voltage combination || 联结组 | 标号 | Vector | group | designation || 一级能效Grade 1 energyeficiency SCB18 || 一级能效Grade 1 energyeficiency SCB18 || 一级能效Grade 1 energyeficiency SCB18 || 一级能效Grade 1 energyeficiency SCB18 || 一级能效Grade 1 energyeficiency SCB18 || 二级能效Grade 2 energy efficiency SCB14 || 二级能效Grade 2 energy efficiency SCB14 || 二级能效Grade 2 energy efficiency SCB14 || 二级能效Grade 2 energy efficiency SCB14 || 二级能效Grade 2 energy efficiency SCB14 || 短
额定 | 容量 | Rated | capacity | (kVA) || 电压组合 | Voltage combination || 电压组合 | Voltage combination || 电压组合 | Voltage combination || 联结组 | 标号 | Vector | group | designation || 空载  损耗  No-load loss  (W) || 不同耐热等级下的负载损耗 | Load loss of different thermal classes | (W) || 不同耐热等级下的负载损耗 | Load loss of different thermal classes | (W) || 不同耐热等级下的负载损耗 | Load loss of different thermal classes | (W) || 空载 电流 No-load || 空载 损耗  No-load || 不同耐热等级下的负载损耗 | Load loss of different thermal classes | (W) || 不同耐热等级下的负载损耗 | Load loss of different thermal classes | (W) || 不同耐热等级下的负载损耗 | Load loss of different thermal classes | (W) || 空载 电流 No-load || 路 阻 抗
额定 | 容量 | Rated | capacity | (kVA) || 高压 | HV | (kV) || 高压分 | 接范围 | HVtapping | range | (%) || 低压 | LV | (kV) || 联结组 | 标号 | Vector | group | designation || 空载  损耗  No-load loss  (W) || 130℃ || 155℃ || 180℃ || 空载 电流 No-load || 空载 损耗  No-load || 130℃ || 155℃ || 180℃ || 空载 电流 No-load || 路 阻 抗
额定 | 容量 | Rated | capacity | (kVA) || 高压 | HV | (kV) || 高压分 | 接范围 | HVtapping | range | (%) || 低压 | LV | (kV) || 联结组 | 标号 | Vector | group | designation || 空载  损耗  No-load loss  (W) || (B) || (F) || (H) || current | (%) || loss | (W) || (B) || (F) || (H) || current | (%) || 路 阻 抗
额定 | 容量 | Rated | capacity | (kVA) || 高压 | HV | (kV) || 高压分 | 接范围 | HVtapping | range | (%) || 低压 | LV | (kV) || 联结组 | 标号 | Vector | group | designation || 空载  损耗  No-load loss  (W) || (100°℃) || (120℃) || (145°℃) || current | (%) || loss | (W) || (100℃) || (120℃) || (145℃) || current | (%) || 路 阻 抗
30 || 10 | 10.5 | 11 || ±5% | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 105 || 605 || 640 || 685 || 1.46 || 130 || 605 || 640 || 685 || 1.46 || 4
50 || 10 | 10.5 | 11 || ±5% | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 155 || 845 || 900 || 965 || 1.46 || 185 || 845 || 900 || 965 || 1.46 || 4
80 || 10 | 10.5 | 11 || ±5% | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 210 || 1160 || 1240 || 1330 || 1.09 || 250 || 1160 || 1240 || 1330 || 1.09 || 4
100 || 10 | 10.5 | 11 || ±5% | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 230 || 1330 || 1415 || 1520 || 1.09 || 270 || 1330 || 1415 || 1520 || 1.09 || 4
125 || 10 | 10.5 | 11 || ±5% | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 270 || 1565 || 1665 || 1780 || 0.95 || 320 || 1565 || 1665 || 1780 || 0.95 || 4
160 || 10 | 10.5 | 11 || ±5% | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 310 || 1800 || 1915 || 2050 || 0.95 || 365 || 1800 || 1915 || 2050 || 0.95 || 4
200 || 10 | 10.5 | 11 || ±5% | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 360 || 2135 || 2275 || 2440 || 0.8 || 420 || 2135 || 2275 || 2440 || 0.8 || 4
250 || 10 | 10.5 | 11 || ±5% | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 415 || 2330 || 2485 || 2665 || 0.8 || 490 || 2330 || 2485 || 2665 || 0.8 || 4
315 || 10 | 10.5 | 11 || ±5% | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 510 || 2945 || 3125 || 3355 || 0.73 || 600 || 2945 || 3125 || 3355 || 0.73 || 4
400 || 10 | 10.5 | 11 || ±5% | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 570 || 3375 || 3590 || 3850 || 0.73 || 665 || 3375 || 3590 || 3850 || 0.73 || 4
500 || 10 | 10.5 | 11 || ±5% | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 670 || 4130 || 4390 || 4705 || 0.73 || 790 || 4130 || 4390 || 4705 || 0.73 || 4
630* || 10 | 10.5 | 11 || ±5% | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 775 || 4975 || 5290 || 5660 || 0.62 || 910 || 4975 || 5290 || 5660 || 0.62 || 4
630 || 10 | 10.5 | 11 || ±5% | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 750 || 5050 || 5365 || 5760 || 0.62 || 885 || 5050 || 5365 || 5760 || 0.62 || 6
800 || 10 | 10.5 | 11 || ±5% | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 875 || 5895 || 6265 || 6715 || 0.62 || 1035 || 5895 || 6265 || 6715 || 0.62 || 6
1000 || 10 | 10.5 | 11 || ±5% | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 1020 || 6885 || 7315 || 7885 || 0.62 || 1205 || 6885 || 7315 || 7885 || 0.62 || 6
1250 || 10 | 10.5 | 11 || ±5% | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 1205 || 8190 || 8720 || 9335 || 0.62 || 1420 || 8190 || 8720 || 9335 || 0.62 || 6
1600 || 10 | 10.5 | 11 || ±5% | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 1415 || 9945 || 10555 || 11320 || 0.62 || 1665 || 9945 || 10555 || 11320 || 0.62 || 6
2000 || 10 | 10.5 | 11 || ±5% | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 1760 || 12240 || 13005 || 14005 || 0.51 || 2075 || 12240 || 13005 || 14005 || 0.51 || 6
2500 || 10 | 10.5 | 11 || ±5% | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 2080 || 14535 || 15445 || 16605 || 0.51 || 2450 || 14535 || 15445 || 16605 || 0.51 || 6

[TABLE 7]
■主要特点/Main Features | ◆节能、环保、绿色； | Energy-saving,environmentally friendly,and green; | ◆低损耗、低噪声； | Low loss and low noise; | ◆ 抗开裂性能好， 免维护； | Good crack resistance and maintenance-free; | ◆防潮、防霉、防污秽； | Moisture-proof,mildew-proof,and    anti-fouling; | ◆抗短路能力强。 | Strong short-circuit resistance. || ■主要性能指标/Main Performance Indicators | ◆高压：6、6.3、6.6、10、10.5、11kV High  voltage:6,6.3,6.6,10,10.5,and  11kV | ◆低压：0.4、0.69、0.8kV | Low voltage:0.4,0.69,and 0.8kV | ◆高压分接范围： ±2*2.5%、±5%、±3*2.5% HV   tapping    range:±2*2.5%,±5%,±3*2.5% | ◆短路阻抗：4%、6%、8%、10% | Short-circuit  impedance:4%,6%,8%,and  10% | ◆联结组标号： Dyn11、Yyn0、Yd11 | Vector group designation:Dyn11,Yyn0,and Yd11 | ◆噪声：≤54dB

[TABLE 8]
额定 | 容量 | Rated | capacity | (kVA) || 电压组合 | Voltage combination || 电压组合 | Voltage combination || 电压组合 | Voltage combination || 联结组 标号 | Vector | group | designation || 一级能效Grade 1energy efficiency SC(B)H19 || 一级能效Grade 1energy efficiency SC(B)H19 || 一级能效Grade 1energy efficiency SC(B)H19 || 一级能效Grade 1energy efficiency SC(B)H19 || 一级能效Grade 1energy efficiency SC(B)H19 || 二级能效Grade 2 energy efficiency SC(B)H17 || 二级能效Grade 2 energy efficiency SC(B)H17 || 二级能效Grade 2 energy efficiency SC(B)H17 || 二级能效Grade 2 energy efficiency SC(B)H17 || 二级能效Grade 2 energy efficiency SC(B)H17 || 短
额定 | 容量 | Rated | capacity | (kVA) || 电压组合 | Voltage combination || 电压组合 | Voltage combination || 电压组合 | Voltage combination || 联结组 标号 | Vector | group | designation || 空载  损耗  No-load | s || 不同耐热等级下的负载损耗 | Load loss of different thermal classes | (W) || 不同耐热等级下的负载损耗 | Load loss of different thermal classes | (W) || 不同耐热等级下的负载损耗 | Load loss of different thermal classes | (W) || 空载 | 电流 No-load || 空载 损耗 No-load || 不同耐热等级下的负载损耗 | Load loss of different thermal classes | (W) || 不同耐热等级下的负载损耗 | Load loss of different thermal classes | (W) || 不同耐热等级下的负载损耗 | Load loss of different thermal classes | (W) || 空载 | 电流 No-load || 路 阻 抗
额定 | 容量 | Rated | capacity | (kVA) || 高压 | HV | (kV) || 高压分 | 接范围 | HVtapping | range | (%) || 低压 | LV | (kV) || 联结组 标号 | Vector | group | designation || 空载  损耗  No-load | s || 130℃ || 155℃ || 180℃ || 空载 | 电流 No-load || 空载 损耗 No-load || 130℃ || 155℃ || 180℃ || 空载 | 电流 No-load || 路 阻 抗
额定 | 容量 | Rated | capacity | (kVA) || 高压 | HV | (kV) || 高压分 | 接范围 | HVtapping | range | (%) || 低压 | LV | (kV) || 联结组 标号 | Vector | group | designation || 空载  损耗  No-load | s || (B) || (F) || (H) || current | (%) || loss | (W) || (B) || (F) || (H) || curent | (%) || 路 阻 抗
额定 | 容量 | Rated | capacity | (kVA) || 高压 | HV | (kV) || 高压分 | 接范围 | HVtapping | range | (%) || 低压 | LV | (kV) || 联结组 标号 | Vector | group | designation || 空载  损耗  No-load | s || (100℃) || (120℃) || (145℃) || current | (%) || loss | (W) || (100℃) || (120℃) || (145°℃) || curent | (%) || 路 阻 抗
30 || 10  或or 10.5 或or | 11 || ±5% | 或or | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 50 || 605 || 640 || 685 || 1.6 || 60 || 605 || 640 || 685 || 1.6 || 4
50 || 10  或or 10.5 或or | 11 || ±5% | 或or | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 60 || 845 || 900 || 965 || 1.4 || 75 || 845 || 900 || 965 || 1.4 || 4
80 || 10  或or 10.5 或or | 11 || ±5% | 或or | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 85 || 1160 || 1240 || 1330 || 1.3 || 100 || 1160 || 1240 || 1330 || 1.3 || 4
100 || 10  或or 10.5 或or | 11 || ±5% | 或or | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 90 || 1330 || 1415 || 1520 || 1.2 || 110 || 1330 || 1415 || 1520 || 1.2 || 4
125 || 10  或or 10.5 或or | 11 || ±5% | 或or | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 105 || 1565 || 165 || 1780 || 1.1 || 130 || 1565 || 165 || 1780 || 1.1 || 4
160 || 10  或or 10.5 或or | 11 || ±5% | 或or | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 120 || 1800 || 1915 || 2050 || 1.1 || 145 || 1800 || 1915 || 2050 || 1.1 || 4
200 || 10  或or 10.5 或or | 11 || ±5% | 或or | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 140 || 2135 || 2275 || 2440 || 1 || 170 || 2135 || 2275 || 2440 || 1 || 4
250 || 10  或or 10.5 或or | 11 || ±5% | 或or | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 160 || 2330 || 2485 || 2665 || 1 || 195 || 2330 || 2485 || 2665 || 1 || 4
315 || 10  或or 10.5 或or | 11 || ±5% | 或or | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 195 || 2945 || 3125 || 3355 || 0.9 || 235 || 2945 || 3125 || 3355 || 0.9 || 4
400 || 10  或or 10.5 或or | 11 || ±5% | 或or | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 215 || 3375 || 3590 || 3850 || 0.8 || 265 || 3375 || 3590 || 3850 || 0.8 || 4
500 || 10  或or 10.5 或or | 11 || ±5% | 或or | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 250 || 4130 || 4390 || 4705 || 0.8 || 305 || 4130 || 4390 || 4705 || 0.8 || 4
630* || 10  或or 10.5 或or | 11 || ±5% | 或or | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 295 || 4975 || 5290 || 5660 || 0.7 || 360 || 4975 || 5290 || 5660 || 0.7 || 4
630 || 10  或or 10.5 或or | 11 || ±5% | 或or | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 290 || 5050 || 5365 || 5760 || 0.7 || 350 || 5050 || 5365 || 5760 || 0.7 || 6
800 || 10  或or 10.5 或or | 11 || ±5% | 或or | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 335 || 5898 || 6265 || 5715 || 0.7 || 410 || 5898 || 6265 || 5715 || 0.7 || 6
1000 || 10  或or 10.5 或or | 11 || ±5% | 或or | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 385 || 6885 || 7315 || 7885 || 0.6 || 470 || 6885 || 7315 || 7885 || 0.6 || 6
1250 || 10  或or 10.5 或or | 11 || ±5% | 或or | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 455 || 8190 || 8720 || 9335 || 0.6 || 550 || 8190 || 8720 || 9335 || 0.6 || 6
1600 || 10  或or 10.5 或or | 11 || ±5% | 或or | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 530 || 9945 || 10555 || 11320 || 0.6 || 645 || 9945 || 10555 || 11320 || 0.6 || 6
2000 || 10  或or 10.5 或or | 11 || ±5% | 或or | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 700 || 12240 || 13005 || 14005 || 0.5 || 850 || 12240 || 13005 || 14005 || 0.5 || 6
2500 || 10  或or 10.5 或or | 11 || ±5% | 或or | ±2×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn11 || 840 || 14535 || 15445 || 16605 || 0.5 || 1020 || 14535 || 15445 || 16605 || 0.5 || 6

[TABLE 9]
项 目 | Item || 项 目 | Item || 单位 | Unit || 参数 | Parameter
额定容量 || Rated capacity || kVA || 630
联接组别 || Vector group ||  || Dyn11
高压电压 || HV voltage || V || 10000
负载损耗 || Load loss || W || 6200
空载电流 || No-load current || % || 0.35
相数 || Number of phases ||  || 3
调压范围 || Voltage regulation range ||  || ±2×2.5%
低压电压 || LV voltage || V || 400
空载损耗 || No-load loss || W || 570

[TABLE 10]
额定容量 | Rated capacity | (kVA) || 电 | Voltage c 高压  HV | (kV) || 压组合及分接范 | ombination and tapp | 高压分接范围 | HVtapping range | (%) || 围 | ing range | 低压 | LV | (kV) || 联结组标号 Vector group | designation || 空载损耗 | No-load loss | (W) || 负载损耗 | Load loss | (W) || 空载电流 | No-load | current | (%) || 短路阻抗 | Short-circuit | impedance | (%)
200 || 6  或or | 6.3 | 或or 10 | 或or | 10.5 | 或or | 11 || ±4×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn¹1 || 215 || 2185/2080 || 0.7 || 4.0
400 || 6  或or | 6.3 | 或or 10 | 或or | 10.5 | 或or | 11 || ±4×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn¹1 || 370 || 3615/3440 || 0.7 || 4.0
500 || 6  或or | 6.3 | 或or 10 | 或or | 10.5 | 或or | 11 || ±4×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn¹1 || 430 || 4330/4120 || 0.7 || 4.0
630 || 6  或or | 6.3 | 或or 10 | 或or | 10.5 | 或or | 11 || ±4×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn¹1 || 510 || 4960 || 0.6 || 4.5
800 || 6  或or | 6.3 | 或or 10 | 或or | 10.5 | 或or | 11 || ±4×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn¹1 || 630 || 6000 || 0.6 || 4.5
1000 || 6  或or | 6.3 | 或or 10 | 或or | 10.5 | 或or | 11 || ±4×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn¹1 || 745 || 8240 || 0.6 || 4.5
1250 || 6  或or | 6.3 | 或or 10 | 或or | 10.5 | 或or | 11 || ±4×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn¹1 || 870 || 9600 || 0.5 || 4.5
1600 || 6  或or | 6.3 | 或or 10 | 或or | 10.5 | 或or | 11 || ±4×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn¹1 || 1050 || 11600 || 0.5 || 4.5
2000 || 6  或or | 6.3 | 或or 10 | 或or | 10.5 | 或or | 11 || ±4×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn¹1 || 1225 || 14640 || 0.4 || 5.0
2500 || 6  或or | 6.3 | 或or 10 | 或or | 10.5 | 或or | 11 || ±4×2.5 || 0.4 || Yyn0 或or Dyn¹1 || 1440 || 16960 || 0.4 || 5.0

[TABLE 11]
项目 | Item || 项目 | Item || 单位 | Unit || 参数 | Parameter || 参数 | Parameter
额定电压                  Ratedvoltage || 额定电压                  Ratedvoltage || kV || 40.5 || 40.5
额定(1min)工频耐压 || Rated(1min)power frequency withstand voltage || kV || 95 || 95
Rated lightningimpulse | 额定雷电冲击耐受电压(峰值)withstand voltage(peakvalue) || Rated lightningimpulse | 额定雷电冲击耐受电压(峰值)withstand voltage(peakvalue) || kV || 185 || 185
额定频率                   Rated frequency || 额定频率                   Rated frequency || HZ || 50 || 50
额定电流                  Rated current || 额定电流                  Rated current || A || 1250、1600、2000、2500、3150 || 1250、1600、2000、2500、3150
额定短路开断电流 || Rated short-circuit breaking current || kA || 25 || 31.5
额定短路关合电流(峰值)    current(peak value) || 额定短路关合电流(峰值)    current(peak value) || kA || 63 || 80
Rated short-time withstand | 额定短时耐受电流 | current || Rated short-time withstand | 额定短时耐受电流 | current || kA || 25 || 31.5
外壳防护等级               Protection grade ofenclosure || 外壳防护等级               Protection grade ofenclosure || 一 || IP4X || IP4X
外形尺寸(高×宽×深)      Overall dimensions(H×W×D) || 外形尺寸(高×宽×深)      Overall dimensions(H×W×D) || mm || 2600×1400(1680)×2800(3100) || 2600×1400(1680)×2800(3100)
重量                      Weight || 重量                      Weight || kg || 1500 || 1500

[TABLE 12]
项 目 Item || 项 目 Item || 单位 | Unit || 参数 | Parameter || 参数 | Parameter || 参数 | Parameter
额定电压               Ratedvoltage || 额定电压               Ratedvoltage || kV || 24 || 24 || 24
额定绝缘水平 | Rated insulation level || 1min工频耐受电压 | 1min power frequency withstand voltage || kV || 65 || 65 || 65
额定绝缘水平 | Rated insulation level || 雷电冲击耐受电压(峰值) | Lightning impulse withstandvoltage(peak value) || kV || 125 || 125 || 125
额定电流                Rated current || 额定电流                Rated current || A || 630、800、1250、1600、2000、2500 || 630、800、1250、1600、2000、2500 || 630、800、1250、1600、2000、2500
额定短路开断电流        Rated short-circuit breaking current || 额定短路开断电流        Rated short-circuit breaking current || kA || 20 || 25 || 31.5
额定短路关合电流(峰值)Ratedshort-circuitmaking current (peakvalue) || 额定短路关合电流(峰值)Ratedshort-circuitmaking current (peakvalue) || kA || 50 || 63 || 80
额定短时耐受电流(4s)Ratedshort-time withstand curent(45) || 额定短时耐受电流(4s)Ratedshort-time withstand curent(45) || kA || 20 || 25 || 31.5
外形尺寸(宽×深×高)Overall dimensions(W×D×H) || 外形尺寸(宽×深×高)Overall dimensions(W×D×H) || mm || 1000×1830×2435 || 1000×1830×2435 || 1000×1830×2435
重量(真空断路器柜)    Weight(vacuum circuit breaker cabinet) || 重量(真空断路器柜)    Weight(vacuum circuit breaker cabinet) || kg || 约About900 || 约About900 || 约About900
防护等级               Protection grade || 防护等级               Protection grade ||  || 开门IP2X、关门IP4X | Dooropening IP2X,door closing IP4X || 开门IP2X、关门IP4X | Dooropening IP2X,door closing IP4X || 开门IP2X、关门IP4X | Dooropening IP2X,door closing IP4X

[TABLE 13]
项目 | Item || 单位 | Unit || 参数 | Parameter || 参数 | Parameter || 参数 | Parameter || 参数 | Parameter
额定电压 | Rated voltage || kV || 3.6~12 || 3.6~12 || 3.6~12 || 3.6~12
额定电流 | Rated current || A || 630、800 || 630、800 || 800、1250 || 1600、2000、2500、 | 3150、4000、5000
额定短路开断电流 | Rated short-circuit breaking current || kA || 20 || 25 || 31.5、40、50 || 31.5、40、50
额定短路关合电流(峰值) | Ratedshort-circuitmakingcurrent(peakvalue) || kA || 50 || 63 || 80 || 100
额定短时耐受电流(4s) | Rated short-timewithstand current(4s) || kA || 20 || 25 || 31.5 || 40
外形尺寸(宽×深×高 ) | Overall dimensions(W×D×H) || mm || 650×1500×2340 || 650×1500×2340 || 800×1500×2380 || 1000×1500×2340
重量(真空断路器柜) | Weight(vacuum circuit breaker cabinet) || kg || 约About600 || 约About600 || 约900(2000A及以上) | About 900(2000Aand above) || 约900(2000A及以上) | About 900(2000Aand above)
防护等级 | Protection grade ||  || IP4X || IP4X || IP4X || IP4X

[TABLE 14]
项 目 Item || 项 目 Item || 项 目 Item || 单位 | Unit || 参数 | Parameter || 参数 | Parameter
额定电压        Rated voltage || 额定电压        Rated voltage || 额定电压        Rated voltage || kV || 12 || 40.5
额定频率         Rated frequency || 额定频率         Rated frequency || 额定频率         Rated frequency || Hz || 50 || 50
主母线额定电流  Rated current of main busbar || 主母线额定电流  Rated current of main busbar || 主母线额定电流  Rated current of main busbar || A || 1250、2500、3150 || 1250、2500、3150
额定电流        Rated current || 额定电流        Rated current || 额定电流        Rated current || A || 1250、2500、3150 || 1250、2500、3150
额定绝缘水平 | Rated insulation | level || 额定绝缘水平 | Rated insulation | level || 1min工频耐受电压 | 1min power frequency withstand voltage || kV || 42 || 95
额定绝缘水平 | Rated insulation | level || 额定绝缘水平 | Rated insulation | level || 雷电冲击耐受电压(峰值) | Lightning impulse withstandvoltage(peakvalue) || kV || 75 || 185
额定短路开断电流Rated short-circuit breaking current || 额定短路开断电流Rated short-circuit breaking current || 额定短路开断电流Rated short-circuit breaking current || kA || 31.5 || 31.5
额定短路关合电流Ratedshort-cicuit making current || 额定短路关合电流Ratedshort-cicuit making current || 额定短路关合电流Ratedshort-cicuit making current || kA || 80 || 80
额定短时耐受电流(4s)Rated short-time withstand current(4s) || 额定短时耐受电流(4s)Rated short-time withstand current(4s) || 额定短时耐受电流(4s)Rated short-time withstand current(4s) || kA || 31.5 || 31.5
额定峰值耐受电流Rated peak withstand current || 额定峰值耐受电流Rated peak withstand current || 额定峰值耐受电流Rated peak withstand current || kA || 80 || 80
SF6气体 SF6 gas || 额定充气压力(20℃,表压) | Rated inflation pressure(20℃,gauge pressure) || 额定充气压力(20℃,表压) | Rated inflation pressure(20℃,gauge pressure) || Mpa || 0.04 || 0.04
SF6气体 SF6 gas || 最小功能压力(20℃,表压) | Minimum functional pressure(20℃,gauge pressure) || 最小功能压力(20℃,表压) | Minimum functional pressure(20℃,gauge pressure) || Mpa || 0.01 || 0.01
SF6气体 SF6 gas || 压力释放装置压力(20℃,表压) | Pressure of pressurerelief device(20℃,gauge pressure) || 压力释放装置压力(20℃,表压) | Pressure of pressurerelief device(20℃,gauge pressure) || Mpa || 0.1 || 0.1
SF6气体 SF6 gas || SF6气体年漏气率中 | Medium annual leakage rate of SF6 gas || SF6气体年漏气率中 | Medium annual leakage rate of SF6 gas || 一 || ≤0.05% || ≤0.05%
设备外壳防护等级Protection grade ofequipment enclosure || 设备外壳防护等级Protection grade ofequipment enclosure || 设备外壳防护等级Protection grade ofequipment enclosure || 一 || IP4X || IP4X
外形尺寸(宽×深×高)Overall dimensions(W×D×H) || 外形尺寸(宽×深×高)Overall dimensions(W×D×H) || 外形尺寸(宽×深×高)Overall dimensions(W×D×H) || mm || 2000×600×1100 || 2300×800×1500
重量             Weight || 重量             Weight || 重量             Weight || kg || 800～1000 || 1000～1500

[TABLE 15]
项 目 Item || 项 目 Item || 项 目 Item || 单位 | Unit || 参数 | Parameter
额定电压         Rated voltage || 额定电压         Rated voltage || 额定电压         Rated voltage || kV || 40.5
额定频率         Rated frequency || 额定频率         Rated frequency || 额定频率         Rated frequency || Hz || 50
主母线额定电流         Rated current of main busbar || 主母线额定电流         Rated current of main busbar || 主母线额定电流         Rated current of main busbar || A || 630
额定电流               Rated current || 额定电流               Rated current || 额定电流               Rated current || A || 630
额定绝缘水平 | Rated insulation level || 1min工频耐受电压 | 1min power frequency withstand voltage || 相间、相对地 | Phase-to-phase,phase-to-ground || kV || 95
额定绝缘水平 | Rated insulation level || 1min工频耐受电压 | 1min power frequency withstand voltage || 断口 | Fracture surface || kV || 118
额定绝缘水平 | Rated insulation level || 雷电冲击耐受电压(峰值)  Lightning impulse withstand voltage(peak value) || 相间、相对地 | Phase-to-phase,phase-to-ground || kV || 185
额定绝缘水平 | Rated insulation level || 雷电冲击耐受电压(峰值)  Lightning impulse withstand voltage(peak value) || 断口 | Fracture surface || kV || 215
额定短路开断电流 Rated short-circuit breaking current || 额定短路开断电流 Rated short-circuit breaking current || 额定短路开断电流 Rated short-circuit breaking current || kA || 20/25/31.5
额定短路关合电流 Rated short-circuit making current || 额定短路关合电流 Rated short-circuit making current || 额定短路关合电流 Rated short-circuit making current || kA || 50/63/80
额定短时耐受电流(4s)Rated short-time withstand current(4s) || 额定短时耐受电流(4s)Rated short-time withstand current(4s) || 额定短时耐受电流(4s)Rated short-time withstand current(4s) || kA || 20/25/31.5
额定峰值耐受电流 Rated peak withstand current || 额定峰值耐受电流 Rated peak withstand current || 额定峰值耐受电流 Rated peak withstand current || kA || 50/63/80
主回路电阻             Resistance of main circuit || 主回路电阻             Resistance of main circuit || 主回路电阻             Resistance of main circuit ||  || ≤0.05%
SF6气体 SF6gas || 额定充气压力(20℃,表压) | Rated inflation pressure(20℃,gauge pressure) || 额定充气压力(20℃,表压) | Rated inflation pressure(20℃,gauge pressure) || Mpa || 0.04
SF6气体 SF6gas || 最小功能压力(20℃,表压) | Minimum functional pressure(20℃,gauge pressure) || 最小功能压力(20℃,表压) | Minimum functional pressure(20℃,gauge pressure) || Mpa || 0.01
SF6气体 SF6gas || 压力释放装置压力(20℃,表压) | Pressure of pressure relief device(20℃,gauge pressure) || 压力释放装置压力(20℃,表压) | Pressure of pressure relief device(20℃,gauge pressure) || Mpa || 0.1
SF6气体 SF6gas || SF6气体年漏气率中 | Medium annual leakage rate of SF6gas || SF6气体年漏气率中 | Medium annual leakage rate of SF6gas || 一 || ≤0.05%
设备外壳防护等级 Protection grade ofequipment enclosure || 设备外壳防护等级 Protection grade ofequipment enclosure || 设备外壳防护等级 Protection grade ofequipment enclosure || 一 || IP3X
外形尺寸(宽×深×高)Overall dimensions(W×D×H) || 外形尺寸(宽×深×高)Overall dimensions(W×D×H) || 外形尺寸(宽×深×高)Overall dimensions(W×D×H) || mm || 430×890×2600
重量             Weight || 重量             Weight || 重量             Weight || kg || 350

[TABLE 16]
项 目 Item || 单位 | Unit || HXGN26-40.5(Z) | 配ZN91断路器 | HXGN26-40.5(Z)equipped | with ZN91circuit breaker || HXGN26-40.5(F) | 配FLN44A负荷开关 | HXGN26-40.5F)equipped with FLN⁴4Aload switch || HXGN26-40.5(F、R) | 配FLRN44A组合电器 | HXGN26-40.5(F、R)equipped | withFLRN⁴4Acomposite apparatus
额定电压 | Ratedvoltage || kV || 40.5 || 40.5 || 40.5
额定1min工频耐受电压 | Rated one minute power frequencywithstand voltage || kV || 95 || 95 || 95
额定雷电冲击耐受电压(峰值) | Rated lightning impulse withstand voltage(peak value) || kV || 185 || 185 || 185
辅助和控制回路工频耐受电压 | Auxiliary and controlcicuit power frequencywithstandvoltage || V || 2000 || 2000 || 2000
额定频率 | Rated frequency || Hz || 50 || 50 || 50
额定电流 | Rated current || A || 1250~2500 || 400,630 || 50,63,80
额定有功负载开断电流 | Rated active load-breaking current || A || 一 || 400,630 || 一
额定配电线路闭环开断电流 | Rated closed-loop breaking current in distribution line || A || 一 || 400,630 || 一
额定电缆充电开断电流 | Rated cable-charging breaking current || A || 21 || 21 || 一
额定空载变压器开断电流 | Rated no-load transformer breaking current || A || 一 ||  || 4
额定短时耐受电流 | Rated short-time withstand current || kA || 25,31.5 || 12.5,16 || 一
额定短路持续时间 | Rated duration of short circuit || S || 4 || 3 || 一
额定峰值耐受电流 | Rated peakwithstand current || kA || 63,80 || 31.5,40 || 
额定短路开断电流 | Rated short-circuit breaking current || kA || 25,31.5 || 一 || 31.5(预期值Expected)
额定短路关合电流 | Rated short-circuit making current || kA || 63,80 || 31.5,40 || 80(预期值Expected)
额定转移电流或交接电流 | Rated transfer current ortake-over current || A || 一 || 一 || 450,800
机械寿命 | Mechanical endurance || 次Time || 20000 || 5000 || 5000
SF6气体额定压力(20℃时表压) | Rated pressure of SF6gas(gauge pressure at 20℃) || MPa || 一 || 0.05 || 0.05
SF6气体最低功能压力(20℃时表压) | Minimumfunctionalpressure ofSF6gas(gauge pressure at 20°℃) || Mpa || 一 || 0.03 || 0.03
SF6气体年漏气率 | Annualleakage rate SF6gas || 一 || 一 || ≤1% || ≤1%

[TABLE 17]
 ||  || HXGN17-12 | (F) || HXGN17-12 | (FR) || HXGN17-12 | (FZ) || HXGN17-12 | (FRZ) || HXGN17-12 | (ZN) || HXGN17-12 | (ZN) || HXGN17-12 | (ZN)
额定电压(kV) | Ratedvoltage (kV) || 额定电压(kV) | Ratedvoltage (kV) || 12 || 12 || 12 || 12 || 12 || 12 || 12
额定频率(Hz) | Rated frequency(Hz) || 额定频率(Hz) | Rated frequency(Hz) || 50 || 50 || 50 || 50 || 50 || 50 || 50
额定电流(A) | Rated current (A) || 额定电流(A) | Rated current (A) || 630 || 熔断器电流 | Fuse current || 630 || 取决于熔断器 | Dependingon | thefuse || 630,800,1250 || 630,800,1250 || 630,800,1250
额定短路开断电流(kA) | Rated short-circuit breaking current (kA) || 额定短路开断电流(kA) | Rated short-circuit breaking current (kA) || / || 31.5(预期值) | 31.5(Expected) || / || 31.5(预期值) | 31.5(Expected) || 20 || 25 || 31.5
额定短路关合电流(kA) | Rated short-circuit closing curent (kA) || 额定短路关合电流(kA) | Rated short-circuit closing curent (kA) || 50 || / || 50 || / || 50 || 63 || 80
额定短时耐受电流4s(kA) | Ratedshort-time withstand current(4s)(kA) || 额定短时耐受电流4s(kA) | Ratedshort-time withstand current(4s)(kA) || 20(2s/4s) || / || 20(2s/4s) || / || 20 || 25 || 31.5
额定峰时耐受电流(kA) | Rated peakwithstand curent (kA) || 额定峰时耐受电流(kA) | Rated peakwithstand curent (kA) || 50 || / || 50 || / || 50 || 63 || 80
额定转移电流/交接电流(A) | Rated transfer current/take-over current(A) || 额定转移电流/交接电流(A) | Rated transfer current/take-over current(A) || / || 1150/1300 || / || 2000/3150 ||  ||  || 
工频耐受电压(kV) | Power frequency withstand voltage(kV) || 相间及相对地 | Interphase and phase- to-ground || 42 || 42 || 42 || 42 || 42 || 42 || 42
工频耐受电压(kV) | Power frequency withstand voltage(kV) || 隔离断口 | Isolating fracture surface || 48 || 48 || 48 || 48 || 48 || 48 || 48
雷电冲击耐受电压(kV) | Lightningimpulse withstand voltage Uimp(kV) || 相间及相对地 | Interphase and phase- to-ground || 75 || 75 || 75 || 75 || 75 || 75 || 75
雷电冲击耐受电压(kV) | Lightningimpulse withstand voltage Uimp(kV) || 隔离断口 | Isolating fracture surface || 85 || 85 || 85 || 85 || 85 || 85 || 85
外形尺寸(宽×高×深)(mm) | Overall dimensions(W×H×D)(mm) || 外形尺寸(宽×高×深)(mm) | Overall dimensions(W×H×D)(mm) || 400/700/1000×1900(2000)×900(1000) || 400/700/1000×1900(2000)×900(1000) || 400/700/1000×1900(2000)×900(1000) || 400/700/1000×1900(2000)×900(1000) || 400/700/1000×1900(2000)×900(1000) || 400/700/1000×1900(2000)×900(1000) || 400/700/1000×1900(2000)×900(1000)
外壳防护等级 | Protection grade ofenclosure || 外壳防护等级 | Protection grade ofenclosure || IP2X || IP2X || IP2X || IP2X || IP2X || IP2X || IP2X

[TABLE 18]
项 目 Item || 单位 | Unit || C模块 Modulec || F模块 | ModuleF || V模块  ModuleV || V模块  ModuleV || CB模块 | Module CB || CB模块 | Module CB
项 目 Item || 单位 | Unit || 负荷开关 Load switch || 组合电器  Composite aparatus || 真空开关  Vacuum switch || 隔离/接地开关 | Disconnectorlerting switch || 真空断路器 | Vacumcicit breaker || 隔离/接地开关 | Disconnetorearthingswitch
额定电压 | Ratedvoltage || kV || 12 || 12 || 12 || 12 || 12 || 12
工频耐受电压 | Power frequency withstand voltage || kV || 42 || 42 || 42 || 42 || 42 || 42
雷电冲击耐受电压 | Lightning impulse withstand voltage || kV || 75 || 75 || 75 || 75 || 75 || 75
额定电流 | Rated current || A || 630 || 注Note1) || 630 || 630 || 1250 || 1250
额定转移电流 | Rated transfer current || A ||  || 1700 ||  ||  ||  || 
闭环开断电流 | Closed-loopbreaking current || A || 630 ||  ||  ||  ||  || 
电缆充电开断电流 | Cable-charging breaking current || A || 10 ||  ||  ||  ||  || 
短路开断电流 | Short-circuit breaking current || kA ||  || 注Note2) || 20 ||  || 25/20 || 
关合能力 | Closing capacity || kA || 50 || 注Note2) || 50 || 50 || 63/50 || 63/50
接地回路短时耐受电流2s | Short-timewithstand curent ofearthingcircuit (2s) || kA || 20 ||  || 20 || 20 || 25 || 25
主回路短时耐受电流3s | Shotimewithstand curentof main circuit(3s) || kA || 20 ||  || 20 || 20 || 25 || 25
额定峰值耐受电流 | Rated peakwithstand current || kA || 50 ||  || 50 ||  ||  || 
机械寿命 | Mechanical endurance || 次Time || 5000 || 5000 || 10000 || 2000 || 10000 || 2000
注1):取决于熔断器的电流额定值；注2):受限于高压熔断器。 | Note 1):Depending on the current rating of the fuse;Note2):Limited to HVfuse || 注1):取决于熔断器的电流额定值；注2):受限于高压熔断器。 | Note 1):Depending on the current rating of the fuse;Note2):Limited to HVfuse || 注1):取决于熔断器的电流额定值；注2):受限于高压熔断器。 | Note 1):Depending on the current rating of the fuse;Note2):Limited to HVfuse || 注1):取决于熔断器的电流额定值；注2):受限于高压熔断器。 | Note 1):Depending on the current rating of the fuse;Note2):Limited to HVfuse || 注1):取决于熔断器的电流额定值；注2):受限于高压熔断器。 | Note 1):Depending on the current rating of the fuse;Note2):Limited to HVfuse || 注1):取决于熔断器的电流额定值；注2):受限于高压熔断器。 | Note 1):Depending on the current rating of the fuse;Note2):Limited to HVfuse || 注1):取决于熔断器的电流额定值；注2):受限于高压熔断器。 | Note 1):Depending on the current rating of the fuse;Note2):Limited to HVfuse || 注1):取决于熔断器的电流额定值；注2):受限于高压熔断器。 | Note 1):Depending on the current rating of the fuse;Note2):Limited to HVfuse

[TABLE 19]
项目 | Item || 项目 | Item || 单位 | Unit || 参数 | Parameter || 参数 | Parameter
额定工作电压 | Rated operating voltage || 额定工作电压 | Rated operating voltage || V || 400 || 400
额定绝缘电压 | Rated insulation voltage || 额定绝缘电压 | Rated insulation voltage || V || 660/1000 || 660/1000
额定冲击耐受电压 | Rated impulse withstand voltage || 额定冲击耐受电压 | Rated impulse withstand voltage || kV || 12 || 12
主 母 线 || 额定电流 | Rated current || A || 6300-4000 || 3150-1000
主 母 线 || 额定短时耐受电流(Icw)1s | Rated short-time withstand current(lcw)1s || kA || 100 || 50
主 母 线 || 额定峰值耐受电流(lpk) | Rated peakwithstand current(Ipk) || kA || 220 || 105
配 电 母 线 || 额定电流 | Rated current || A || 1600 || 1000
配 电 母 线 || 额定短时耐受电流(Icw)1s | Rated short-time withstand current(Icw)1s || kA || 80 || 50
配 电 母 线 || 额定峰值耐受电流(Ipk) | Rated peakwithstand current(Ipk) || kA || 176 || 105
过电压类别 | Overvoltage category || 过电压类别 | Overvoltage category ||  || IV级Level IV || IV级Level IV
污染等级 | Pollution grade || 污染等级 | Pollution grade ||  || 3级Level3 || 3级Level3
防护等级 | Protection grade || 防护等级 | Protection grade ||  || IP40 || IP40

[TABLE 20]
西昌卫星发射中心应用业绩 | Application performance of Xichang Satellite Launch Center || 北京奥运场馆应用业绩 | Application performance of Beijing Olympicvenues

[TABLE 21]
项目 Item || 项目 Item || 单位 | Unit || 参数 | Parameter || 参数 | Parameter
额定工作电压 | Rated operating voltage || 额定工作电压 | Rated operating voltage || V || 400 || 400
额定绝缘电压 | Rated insulation voltage || 额定绝缘电压 | Rated insulation voltage || V || 660/1000 || 660/1000
主 母 线 || 额定电流 | Rated current || A || 6300-4000 || 3150-1000
主 母 线 || 额定短时耐受电流(Icw)1s | Rated short-time withstand current(Icw)¹s || kA || 100 || 65
主 母 线 || 额定峰值耐受电流(lpk) | Rated peak withstand current(Ipk) || kA || 220 || 143
配 电 母 线 || 额定电流 | Rated current || A || 1600 || 1000
配 电 母 线 || 额定短时耐受电流(Icw)1s | Rated short-time withstand current(Icw)1s || kA || 65 || 50
配 电 母 线 || 额定峰值耐受电流(Ipk) | Rated peak withstand current(Ipk) || kA || 143 || 105
过电压类别 | Overvoltage category || 过电压类别 | Overvoltage category ||  || IV级Level IV || IV级Level IV
污染等级 | Pollution grade || 污染等级 | Pollution grade ||  || 3级Level3 || 3级Level3
防护等级 | Protection grade || 防护等级 | Protection grade ||  || IP40 || IP40

[TABLE 22]
首都国际机场应用业绩 | Application performance of Beijing Capital InternationalAirport || 南水北调应用业绩 | Application performance of South-to-North Water Diversion Project

[TABLE 23]
项目 | ltem || 项目 | ltem || 单位 | Unit || 参数 | Parameter || 参数 | Parameter || 参数 | Parameter
额定工作电压 | Rated operatingvoltage || 额定工作电压 | Rated operatingvoltage || V || 400/690 || 400/690 || 400/690
额定绝缘电压 | Rated insulation voltage || 额定绝缘电压 | Rated insulation voltage || V || 660/1000 || 660/1000 || 660/1000
主 母 线 || 额定电流 | Rated current || A || 6300-4000 || 4000-2500 || 2500-1000
主 母 线 || 额定短时耐受电流(Icw)1s | Rated short-time withstand current(Icw)1s || kA || 100 || 80 || 50
主 母 线 || 额定峰值耐受电流(lpk) | Rated peak withstand current(Ipk) || kA || 220 || 176 || 105
配 电 母 线 || 额定电流 | Rated current || A || 1250 || 1000 || 1000
配 电 母 线 || 额定短时耐受电流(Icw)1s | Rated short-time withstand current(Icw)Is || kA || 65 || 50 || 50
配 电 母 线 || 额定峰值耐受电流(Ipk) | Rated peakwithstand current(Ipk) || kA || 143 || 105 || 105
过电压类别 | Overvoltage category || 过电压类别 | Overvoltage category ||  || IV级Level IV || IV级Level IV || IV级Level IV
污染等级 | Pollution grade || 污染等级 | Pollution grade ||  || 3级Level3 || 3级Level3 || 3级Level3
防护等级 | Protection grade || 防护等级 | Protection grade ||  || IP40 || IP40 || IP40

[TABLE 24]
项 目 ltem || 项 目 ltem || 项 目 ltem || 项 目 ltem || 参数 | Parameter
额定电压(V) | Rated voltage(V) || 额定电压(V) | Rated voltage(V) || 额定电压(V) | Rated voltage(V) || 额定电压(V) | Rated voltage(V) || 交流AC380(400)、660(690)
辅助电路额定电压(V) | Ratedvoltage of auxiliary circuit(V) || 辅助电路额定电压(V) | Ratedvoltage of auxiliary circuit(V) || 辅助电路额定电压(V) | Ratedvoltage of auxiliary circuit(V) || 辅助电路额定电压(V) | Ratedvoltage of auxiliary circuit(V) || 交流AC220、380(400)直流DC110、220
额定频率(Hz) | Rated frequency(Hz) || 额定频率(Hz) | Rated frequency(Hz) || 额定频率(Hz) | Rated frequency(Hz) || 额定频率(Hz) | Rated frequency(Hz) || 50(60)
额定绝缘电压(V) | Rated insulation voltage(V) || 额定绝缘电压(V) | Rated insulation voltage(V) || 额定绝缘电压(V) | Rated insulation voltage(V) || 额定绝缘电压(V) | Rated insulation voltage(V) || 660(690)
额定电流(A) | Rated current(A) || 水平母线 | Horizontalbusbar || 水平母线 | Horizontalbusbar || 水平母线 | Horizontalbusbar || ≤3150
额定电流(A) | Rated current(A) || 垂直母线(M CC) | Vertical busbar(MCC) || 垂直母线(M CC) | Vertical busbar(MCC) || 垂直母线(M CC) | Vertical busbar(MCC) || ≤1200
额定电流(A) | Rated current(A) || 主电路触头接插件 | Main circuit contact connector || 主电路触头接插件 | Main circuit contact connector || 主电路触头接插件 | Main circuit contact connector || 63、250、400、630
额定电流(A) | Rated current(A) || 馈电电路最大 | 电流 | Maximum current offeeding circuit || 馈电电路最大 | 电流 | Maximum current offeeding circuit || PC柜Cabinet || 2500
额定电流(A) | Rated current(A) || 馈电电路最大 | 电流 | Maximum current offeeding circuit || 馈电电路最大 | 电流 | Maximum current offeeding circuit || MCC柜Cabinet || 630
主母线额定短时耐受电流(kA/1s) | Rated short-time withstand current ofmain busbar(kA/1s) || 主母线额定短时耐受电流(kA/1s) | Rated short-time withstand current ofmain busbar(kA/1s) || 主母线额定短时耐受电流(kA/1s) | Rated short-time withstand current ofmain busbar(kA/1s) || 主母线额定短时耐受电流(kA/1s) | Rated short-time withstand current ofmain busbar(kA/1s) || 50
主母线额定峰值耐受电流(kA) | Rated peakwithstand current ofmain busbar(kA) || 主母线额定峰值耐受电流(kA) | Rated peakwithstand current ofmain busbar(kA) || 主母线额定峰值耐受电流(kA) | Rated peakwithstand current ofmain busbar(kA) || 主母线额定峰值耐受电流(kA) | Rated peakwithstand current ofmain busbar(kA) || 105
配电母线额定短时耐受电流(kA/1s) | Rated short-time withstand current of distribution busbar(kA/1s) || 配电母线额定短时耐受电流(kA/1s) | Rated short-time withstand current of distribution busbar(kA/1s) || 配电母线额定短时耐受电流(kA/1s) | Rated short-time withstand current of distribution busbar(kA/1s) || 配电母线额定短时耐受电流(kA/1s) | Rated short-time withstand current of distribution busbar(kA/1s) || 50
介电试验电压(V/1min) | Dielectrictestvoltage(V/1min) || 介电试验电压(V/1min) | Dielectrictestvoltage(V/1min) || 主电路 | Main circuit || 主电路 | Main circuit || 2500
母线 | Busbars || 母线 | Busbars || 三相四线制 | Three-phasefour-wire system || 三相四线制 | Three-phasefour-wire system || A、B、C、PEN
母线 | Busbars || 母线 | Busbars || 三相五线制 | Three-phasefive-wire system || 三相五线制 | Three-phasefive-wire system || A、B、C、PE、N
防护等级 | Protection grade || 防护等级 | Protection grade || 防护等级 | Protection grade || 防护等级 | Protection grade || IP30、IP40

[TABLE 25]
项 目 ltem || 项 目 ltem || 项 目 ltem || 项 目 ltem || 参数 | Parameter
额定电压(V) | Rated voltage(V) || 额定电压(V) | Rated voltage(V) || 额定电压(V) | Rated voltage(V) || 额定电压(V) | Rated voltage(V) || 交流AC380(400)、660(690)
辅助电路额定电压(V) | Rated voltage of auxiliary circuit(V) || 辅助电路额定电压(V) | Rated voltage of auxiliary circuit(V) || 辅助电路额定电压(V) | Rated voltage of auxiliary circuit(V) || 辅助电路额定电压(V) | Rated voltage of auxiliary circuit(V) || 交流AC220、380(400)直流DC110、220
额定频率(Hz) | Rated frequency(Hz) || 额定频率(Hz) | Rated frequency(Hz) || 额定频率(Hz) | Rated frequency(Hz) || 额定频率(Hz) | Rated frequency(Hz) || 50(60)
额定绝缘电压(V) | Rated insulation voltage(V) || 额定绝缘电压(V) | Rated insulation voltage(V) || 额定绝缘电压(V) | Rated insulation voltage(V) || 额定绝缘电压(V) | Rated insulation voltage(V) || 660(690)
额定电流(A) | Rated current(A) || 水平母线 | Horizontalbusbar || 水平母线 | Horizontalbusbar || 水平母线 | Horizontalbusbar || ≤3150
额定电流(A) | Rated current(A) || 垂直母线(M CC) | Vertical busbar(MCC) || 垂直母线(M CC) | Vertical busbar(MCC) || 垂直母线(M CC) | Vertical busbar(MCC) || ≤1200
额定电流(A) | Rated current(A) || 主电路触头接插件 | Main circuit contact connector || 主电路触头接插件 | Main circuit contact connector || 主电路触头接插件 | Main circuit contact connector || 63、250、400
额定电流(A) | Rated current(A) || 馈电电路最大 电流 | Maximum current offeeding circuit || 馈电电路最大 电流 | Maximum current offeeding circuit || PC柜Cabinet || 2500
额定电流(A) | Rated current(A) || 馈电电路最大 电流 | Maximum current offeeding circuit || 馈电电路最大 电流 | Maximum current offeeding circuit || MCC柜Cabinet || 400
主母线额定短时耐受电流(kA/1s) | Rated short-time withstand current ofmain busbar(kA/1s) || 主母线额定短时耐受电流(kA/1s) | Rated short-time withstand current ofmain busbar(kA/1s) || 主母线额定短时耐受电流(kA/1s) | Rated short-time withstand current ofmain busbar(kA/1s) || 主母线额定短时耐受电流(kA/1s) | Rated short-time withstand current ofmain busbar(kA/1s) || 50
主母线额定峰值耐受电流(kA) | Rated peakwithstand current ofmain busbar(kA) || 主母线额定峰值耐受电流(kA) | Rated peakwithstand current ofmain busbar(kA) || 主母线额定峰值耐受电流(kA) | Rated peakwithstand current ofmain busbar(kA) || 主母线额定峰值耐受电流(kA) | Rated peakwithstand current ofmain busbar(kA) || 105
配电母线额定短时耐受电流(kA/1s) | Rated short-timewithstand current of distribution busbar(kA/1s) || 配电母线额定短时耐受电流(kA/1s) | Rated short-timewithstand current of distribution busbar(kA/1s) || 配电母线额定短时耐受电流(kA/1s) | Rated short-timewithstand current of distribution busbar(kA/1s) || 配电母线额定短时耐受电流(kA/1s) | Rated short-timewithstand current of distribution busbar(kA/1s) || 50
介电试验电压(V/1min) | Dielectric test voltage(V/1min) || 介电试验电压(V/1min) | Dielectric test voltage(V/1min) || 主电路 | Main circuit || 主电路 | Main circuit || 2500
母线 | Busbars || 母线 | Busbars || 三相四线制 | Three-phase four-wire system || 三相四线制 | Three-phase four-wire system || A、B、C、PEN
母线 | Busbars || 母线 | Busbars || 三相五线制 | Three-phasefive-wire system || 三相五线制 | Three-phasefive-wire system || A、B、C、PE、N
防护等级 | Protectiongrade || 防护等级 | Protectiongrade || 防护等级 | Protectiongrade || 防护等级 | Protectiongrade || IP30、IP40

[TABLE 26]
项目 | Item || 项目 | Item || 参数 | Parameter
额定工作电压Ue(V) | Rated operatingcurrent Ue(V) || 额定工作电压Ue(V) | Rated operatingcurrent Ue(V) || 交 流 A C 3 8 0 ( 4 0 0 ) 、 6 6 0 ( 6 9 0 )
辅助电路额定电压(V) | Ratedvoltage of auxiliary circuit(V) || 辅助电路额定电压(V) | Ratedvoltage of auxiliary circuit(V) || 交流AC220、380(400)    直流DC110、220
额 定 频 率 ( H z ) | Rated frequency(Hz) || 额 定 频 率 ( H z ) | Rated frequency(Hz) || 50(60)
额定绝缘电压Ui(V) | Rated insulation voltage Ui(V) || 额定绝缘电压Ui(V) | Rated insulation voltage Ui(V) || 660(690)
水平母线额定电流(A)       | Rated current ofhorizontal busbar(A) || 水平母线额定电流(A)       | Rated current ofhorizontal busbar(A) || ≤3150
主母线额定短时耐受电流(kA/1s) | Rated short-time withstand current of main busbar(kA/1s) || 主母线额定短时耐受电流(kA/1s) | Rated short-time withstand current of main busbar(kA/1s) || 15、30、50
主母线额定峰值耐受电流(kA) | Rated peakwithstand current of main busbar(kA) || 主母线额定峰值耐受电流(kA) | Rated peakwithstand current of main busbar(kA) || 30、63、105
介电试验电压(V/1min) | Dielectrictest voltage(V/1min) || 介电试验电压(V/1min) | Dielectrictest voltage(V/1min) || 2500
母线 | Busbars || 三相四线制 | Three-phase four-wire system || A、B、C、PEN
母线 | Busbars || 三相五线制 | Three-phase five-wire system || A、B、C、PE、N
防护等级 | Protection grade || 对直径不小于2.5mm固体异物防护 | Protection against solid foreign matters with a diameter of not less than 2.5mm || IP30、IP40

[TABLE 27]
项目 | ltem || 项目 | ltem || 参数 | Parameter
额定工作电压Ue(V) | Rated operating current Ue(V) || 额定工作电压Ue(V) | Rated operating current Ue(V) || 交流AC380(400)
辅助电路额定电压(V) | Rated voltage of auxiliary circuit(V) || 辅助电路额定电压(V) | Rated voltage of auxiliary circuit(V) || 交流AC220、380(400)    直流DC110、220
额定频率(Hz) | Rated frequency(Hz) || 额定频率(Hz) | Rated frequency(Hz) || 50(60)
额定绝缘电压Ui(V) | Rated insulation voltage Ui(V) || 额定绝缘电压Ui(V) | Rated insulation voltage Ui(V) || 660(690)
水平母线额定电流(A) | Rated current ofhorizontal busbar(A) || 水平母线额定电流(A) | Rated current ofhorizontal busbar(A) || ≤630
主母线额定短时耐受电流(kA/1s) | Rated short-time withstand current of main busbar(kA/1s) || 主母线额定短时耐受电流(kA/1s) | Rated short-time withstand current of main busbar(kA/1s) || 15
主母线额定峰值耐受电流(kA) | Rated peak withstand current of main busbar(kA) || 主母线额定峰值耐受电流(kA) | Rated peak withstand current of main busbar(kA) || 30
介电试验电压(V/1min) | Dielectrictest voltage(V/1min) || 介电试验电压(V/1min) | Dielectrictest voltage(V/1min) || 2500
母线 | Busbars || 三相四线制 | Three-phase four-wire system || A、B、C、PEN
母线 | Busbars || 三相五线制 | Three-phase five-wire system || A、B、C、PE、N
防护等级 | Protection grade || 用于户内 | Forindooruse || IP30
防护等级 | Protection grade || 用于户外 | Foroutdooruse || IP65

[TABLE 28]
项 目 Item || 单位 | Unit || 参数Parameter || 参数Parameter
项 目 Item || 单位 | Unit || 输入Input || 输出Output
额定电压 | Rated voltage || kV || 0.54/0.69/0.8/0.95/1.14 || 12/40.5
额定频率 | Rated frequency || Hz || 50 || 50
额定容量 | Rated capacity || kVA || 900、1250、1600、2000、2500、3150、3300、3500、4000 || 900、1250、1600、2000、2500、3150、3300、3500、4000
额定短时耐受电压 | Rated short-time withstand voltage || kV/1min || 5 || 85
系统中性点接地方式 | Mode of system neutral grounding ||  || 接地/不接地 | Grounded/ungrounded || 接地/不接地 | Grounded/ungrounded

[TABLE 29]
项 目 Item || 单位 | Unit || 参数Parameter || 参数Parameter
项 目 Item || 单位 | Unit || 输入Input || 输出output
额定电压 | Rated voltage || kV || 0.54/0.69/0.8/0.95/1.14 || 12/40.5
额定频率 | Rated frequency || Hz || 50 || 50
额定容量 | Rated capacity || kVA || 500、800、1000、1250、1600、2000、2500、3150、3300、 | 3500、4000、5000、5500、6300、7100、8000、10000、12500 || 500、800、1000、1250、1600、2000、2500、3150、3300、 | 3500、4000、5000、5500、6300、7100、8000、10000、12500
额定短时耐受电压 | Rated short-time withstand voltage || kV/1min || 5 || 85
系统中性点接地方式 | Mode of system neutral grounding ||  || 接地/不接地 | Grounded/ungrounded || 接地/不接地 | Grounded/ungrounded

[TABLE 30]
项目\型号Item/Model || 项目\型号Item/Model || GBL220-500 || GBL220-630
直流 | DC || 直流电压范围    DCvoltage range || 500V～1000V || 500V～1000V
直流 | DC || 最大直流电流     Maximum DC Current || 1200A || 1330A
直流 | DC || MPPT范围        MPPT range || 500~850V || 500~850V
交流 | AC || 额定功率         Rated power || 500kW || 630kW
交流 | AC || 额定电压         Rated voltage || 315V || 400V
交流 | AC || 额定电流         Rated current || 916A || 957A
基本 参数 | Basic parameters || 最大效率         Maximum efficiency || 99% || 99%
基本 参数 | Basic parameters || 中国效率         Chinaefficiency || 98.4% || 98.4%
基本 参数 | Basic parameters || 尺寸(宽×高×深)Dimension(W×H×D) || 1050×1900×800mm || 1050×1900×800mm
基本 参数 | Basic parameters || 重量             Weight || 900kg || 1100kg
基本 参数 | Basic parameters || 外壳防护等级     Protection grade ofenclosure || IP21 || IP21

[TABLE 31]
项目\型号Item/Model || 项目\型号Item/Model || GBL220-3125
直流 | DC || 直流电压范围        DCvoltage range || 875V～1300V
直流 | DC || 最大直流电压        Maximum DC Current || 1500V
直流 | DC || 满载MPPT范围        Full-load MPPT range || 875V～1300V
直流 | DC || MPPT数量            Number of MPPT || 2
交流 | AC || 额定功率            Rated power || 3125kW
交流 | AC || 额定电压            Rated voltage || 600V
交流 | AC || 最大电流            Rated current || 3308A
基本 参数 | Basic | parameters || 最大效率            Maximumefficiency || 99%
基本 参数 | Basic | parameters || 中国效率            China efficiency || 98.4%
基本 参数 | Basic | parameters || 尺寸(宽×高×深)   Dimension(W×H×D) || 2350×2400×1250mm
基本 参数 | Basic | parameters || 重量                Weight || 2700kg
基本 参数 | Basic | parameters || 外壳防护等级        Protection grade of enclosure || IP65

[TABLE 32]
项目\型号Item/Model || 项目\型号Item/Model || GBL220-3125/35
交流 | AC || 额定功率         Rated power || 3125kW
交流 | AC || 最大交流功率     MaximumAC power || 3438kW
交流 | AC || 额定电压         Rated voltage || 35kV
基本 参数 | Basic | parameters || 最大效率         Maximum efficiency || 99%
基本 参数 | Basic | parameters || 中国效率         Chinaefficiency || 98.4%
基本 参数 | Basic | parameters || 尺寸(宽×高×深)Dimension (W×H×D) || 5100×2550×2450mm
基本 参数 | Basic | parameters || 重量              Weight || 16t(油变) | 16t(oil-immersed transformer)
基本 参数 | Basic | parameters || 通讯接口         Communication port || CAN、RS485,以太网口，可扩展 | CAN,RS485,Ethernet port,expandable
基本 参数 | Basic | parameters || 通讯协议         Communication protocol || CAN2.0B、Modbus、IEC104、 | IEC61850(选配Optional)、GOOSE(选配Optional)

[TABLE 33]
项 目 Item || 单位 | Unit || 参数 | Parameter || 参数 | Parameter || 参数 | Parameter || 参数 | Parameter
额定电流 | Rated current || A || 630、800、1250 || 630、800、1250 || 800、1250、1600、 2000 || 1250、1600、2000 | 2500、3150、4000
额定短路开断电流 | Rated short-circuit | breaking current || kA || 20 || 25 || 31.5 || 40
机械寿命 | Mechanical endurance || 次 | Time(s) || 30000 || 30000 || 30000 || 30000

[TABLE 34]
项目 | Item || 项目 | Item || 项目 | Item || 单位 | Unit || 参数Parameter || 参数Parameter || 参数Parameter || 参数Parameter
项目 | Item || 项目 | Item || 项目 | Item || 单位 | Unit || 20kA || 25kA || 31.5kA || 40kA
额定电压 | Rated voltage || 额定电压 | Rated voltage || 额定电压 | Rated voltage || kV || 12 || 12 || 12 || 12
额定 绝缘 水平 | Rated  voltage || 工频耐受电压 | Powerfrequency | withstand voltage | (1min) || 相间、相对地 | Phase-to-phase, phase-to-ground || kV || 42 || 42 || 42 || 42
额定 绝缘 水平 | Rated  voltage || 工频耐受电压 | Powerfrequency | withstand voltage | (1min) || 真空端口间 | Between vacuum ports || kV || 49 || 49 || 49 || 49
额定 绝缘 水平 | Rated  voltage || 雷电冲击耐受 | 电 压 ( 峰 值 ) | Lightningimpulse withstand voltage (peak value) || 相间、相对地 | Phase-to-phase, phase-to-ground || kV || 75 || 75 || 75 || 75
额定 绝缘 水平 | Rated  voltage || 雷电冲击耐受 | 电 压 ( 峰 值 ) | Lightningimpulse withstand voltage (peak value) || 真空端口间 | Between vacuum ports || kV || 85 || 85 || 85 || 85
辅助回路工频耐受电压(1min) | Powerfrequencywithstandvoltageofauxiliarycircuit(1min) || 辅助回路工频耐受电压(1min) | Powerfrequencywithstandvoltageofauxiliarycircuit(1min) || 辅助回路工频耐受电压(1min) | Powerfrequencywithstandvoltageofauxiliarycircuit(1min) || V || 2000 || 2000 || 2000 || 2000
额定频率 | Rated frequency || 额定频率 | Rated frequency || 额定频率 | Rated frequency || Hz || 50 || 50 || 50 || 50
额定电流 | Rated current || 额定电流 | Rated current || 额定电流 | Rated current || A || 630、800 | 1250 || 630、800 | 1250 || 800、1250 | 1600、2000 || 1600、2000 | 3150、4000
额定短时耐受电流(4s) | Rated short-time withstand current(4s) || 额定短时耐受电流(4s) | Rated short-time withstand current(4s) || 额定短时耐受电流(4s) | Rated short-time withstand current(4s) || kA || 20 || 25 || 31.5 || 40
额定峰值耐受电流 | Rated peak withstand current || 额定峰值耐受电流 | Rated peak withstand current || 额定峰值耐受电流 | Rated peak withstand current || kA || 50 || 62.5 || 87 || 100
额定短路开断电流 | Rated short-circuit breaking current || 额定短路开断电流 | Rated short-circuit breaking current || 额定短路开断电流 | Rated short-circuit breaking current || kA || 20 || 25 || 31.5 || 40
额定短路关合电流(峰值) | Rated short-circuitmaking current(peak value) || 额定短路关合电流(峰值) | Rated short-circuitmaking current(peak value) || 额定短路关合电流(峰值) | Rated short-circuitmaking current(peak value) || kA || 50 || 62.5 || 87 || 100
额定短路开断电流的直流分量 | The DCcomponent ofratedshort-circuit breakingcurrent || 额定短路开断电流的直流分量 | The DCcomponent ofratedshort-circuit breakingcurrent || 额定短路开断电流的直流分量 | The DCcomponent ofratedshort-circuit breakingcurrent || 一 || 75% || 75% || 75% || 60%

[TABLE 35]
项目 | Item || 单位 | Unit || 参数 | Parameter || 参数 | Parameter
额定电压 | Rated voltage || kV || 40.5 || 40.5
额定雷电冲击耐受电压(峰值) | Rated lightning impulse withstand voltage(peak value) || kV || 185 || 185
额定短时工频耐受电压(1min) | Rated short-time power frequency withstand voltage(1min) || kV || 95 || 95
额定频率 | Rated frequency || Hz || 50 || 50
额定电流 | Rated current || A || 1250、1600、2000、2500、3150 || 1250、1600、2000、2500、3150
额定单个电容器组开断电流 | Rated breaking current of single capacitor bank || A || 630 || 800
额定短路开断电流 | Rated short-circuit breaking current || kA || 25 || 31.5
额定短路电流非周期分量 | Non-periodic component of rated short-circuit current || 一 || ≤35% || ≤35%
额定短时耐受电流(4s) | Rated short-time withstand current(4s) || kA || 25 || 31.5
额定峰值耐受电流 | Rated peak withstand current || kA || 63 || 80